[: nothing appropriate.
1password2john: nothing appropriate.
2to3: nothing appropriate.
2to3-2.7: nothing appropriate.
2to3-3.8: nothing appropriate.
4channels: nothing appropriate.
7z2john: nothing appropriate.
a2ping: nothing appropriate.
a2x.py: nothing appropriate.
a5toa4: nothing appropriate.
aalib-config: nothing appropriate.
abcconvert: nothing appropriate.
abcdiff: nothing appropriate.
abcecho: nothing appropriate.
abcechobounds: nothing appropriate.
abcls: nothing appropriate.
abcstitcher: nothing appropriate.
abctree: nothing appropriate.
acceleration_speed: nothing appropriate.
acol: nothing appropriate.
activate-global-python-argcomplete: nothing appropriate.
activate-global-python-argcomplete2: nothing appropriate.
addcomputer.py: nothing appropriate.
adhocfilelist: nothing appropriate.
advtest: nothing appropriate.
adxcsouf2john: nothing appropriate.
aem2john: nothing appropriate.
aeson-pretty: nothing appropriate.
affixcompress: nothing appropriate.
afm2afm: nothing appropriate.
afpfs: nothing appropriate.
against: nothing appropriate.
ag-backup: nothing appropriate.
aggregate_profile.pl: nothing appropriate.
ag-tool: nothing appropriate.
aiodnsbrute: nothing appropriate.
air: nothing appropriate.
air-counter: nothing appropriate.
airoscript-ng: nothing appropriate.
aix2john: nothing appropriate.
alsabat-test.sh: nothing appropriate.
alsa_delay: nothing appropriate.
alsa_loopback: nothing appropriate.
alsoft-config: nothing appropriate.
amd_hdmi_compliance: nothing appropriate.
amptest: nothing appropriate.
amrnb-dec: nothing appropriate.
amrnb-enc: nothing appropriate.
amrwb-dec: nothing appropriate.
amuFormat.sh: nothing appropriate.
analyze: nothing appropriate.
andotp2john: nothing appropriate.
androidbackup2john: nothing appropriate.
androidfde2john: nothing appropriate.
angr-management: nothing appropriate.
annotate: nothing appropriate.
ansible2john: nothing appropriate.
ansible-connection: nothing appropriate.
ansible-test: nothing appropriate.
anytovcd.sh: nothing appropriate.
aomdec: nothing appropriate.
aomenc: nothing appropriate.
apex2john: nothing appropriate.
appid_detector_builder.sh: nothing appropriate.
applenotes2john: nothing appropriate.
apr-1-config: nothing appropriate.
apu-1-config: nothing appropriate.
arachni: nothing appropriate.
arachni-console: nothing appropriate.
arachni-multi: nothing appropriate.
arachni-reporter: nothing appropriate.
arachni-restore: nothing appropriate.
arachni-rest-server: nothing appropriate.
arachni-rpc: nothing appropriate.
arachni-rpcd: nothing appropriate.
arachni-rpcd-monitor: nothing appropriate.
arachni-script: nothing appropriate.
arara: nothing appropriate.
arbfplight: nothing appropriate.
arbfslight: nothing appropriate.
arbocclude: nothing appropriate.
arbocclude2: nothing appropriate.
archbuild: nothing appropriate.
archco: nothing appropriate.
archey3: nothing appropriate.
archive: nothing appropriate.
archive-cleaner: nothing appropriate.
archlinux-java: nothing appropriate.
arch-meson: nothing appropriate.
arch-nspawn: nothing appropriate.
archrelease: nothing appropriate.
argbash: nothing appropriate.
argbash-1to2: nothing appropriate.
argbash-init: nothing appropriate.
argon2: nothing appropriate.
arlatex: nothing appropriate.
artikulate: nothing appropriate.
artikulate_editor: nothing appropriate.
aruba2john: nothing appropriate.
asciiCalc: nothing appropriate.
asciidoc.py: nothing appropriate.
asciiGraph: nothing appropriate.
asciinema.sh: nothing appropriate.
asciiquarium: nothing appropriate.
asciistuff: nothing appropriate.
asciistuff2: nothing appropriate.
aserver: nothing appropriate.
aslist: nothing appropriate.
asoundconf-gtk: nothing appropriate.
assimp: nothing appropriate.
assistant: nothing appropriate.
assistant-qt4: nothing appropriate.
assistant-qt5: nothing appropriate.
asus-fan-control: nothing appropriate.
asus-fan-create-symlinks.sh: nothing appropriate.
asus-kbd-backlight: nothing appropriate.
atexec.py: nothing appropriate.
autoinst: nothing appropriate.
automat-visualize: nothing appropriate.
autopasswd: nothing appropriate.
autopsy: nothing appropriate.
autopwn: nothing appropriate.
autopwn-cli: nothing appropriate.
avahi-discover-standalone: nothing appropriate.
avinfo: nothing appropriate.
avstopam: nothing appropriate.
avtest: nothing appropriate.
axcrypt2john: nothing appropriate.
b2: nothing appropriate.
bactl: nothing appropriate.
ba-dev: nothing appropriate.
balbuzard: nothing appropriate.
balooctl: nothing appropriate.
baloo_file: nothing appropriate.
baloo_file_extractor: nothing appropriate.
baloosearch: nothing appropriate.
balooshow: nothing appropriate.
balsam: nothing appropriate.
base64conv: nothing appropriate.
bazel: nothing appropriate.
bazel-real: nothing appropriate.
bbcrack: nothing appropriate.
bbharvest: nothing appropriate.
bbtrans: nothing appropriate.
bcmfw: nothing appropriate.
bdaddr: nothing appropriate.
bdftogd: nothing appropriate.
bd_info: nothing appropriate.
bestcrypt2john: nothing appropriate.
bezier: nothing appropriate.
bg5+latex: nothing appropriate.
bg5latex: nothing appropriate.
bg5+pdflatex: nothing appropriate.
bg5pdflatex: nothing appropriate.
bgrep: nothing appropriate.
bgtask: nothing appropriate.
bingrep: nothing appropriate.
bitcoin2john: nothing appropriate.
bitlocker2john: nothing appropriate.
bitshares2john: nothing appropriate.
bitwarden2john: nothing appropriate.
bjam: nothing appropriate.
bjoentegaard: nothing appropriate.
bks2john: nothing appropriate.
blackarch64-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
blackarcharm-aarch64-build: nothing appropriate.
blackbox-scanner: nothing appropriate.
blackman: nothing appropriate.
blender-softwaregl: nothing appropriate.
blender-thumbnailer.py: nothing appropriate.
blinking-teapot: nothing appropriate.
blockchain2john: nothing appropriate.
block-rate-estim: nothing appropriate.
blood-elf: nothing appropriate.
bluedevil-sendfile: nothing appropriate.
bluedevil-wizard: nothing appropriate.
bluemoon: nothing appropriate.
bluetoothctl: nothing appropriate.
bluetooth-player: nothing appropriate.
bneptest: nothing appropriate.
bokken: nothing appropriate.
boop: nothing appropriate.
boopsniff: nothing appropriate.
boopsniff-gui: nothing appropriate.
boopstrike: nothing appropriate.
bounce: nothing appropriate.
boxdumper: nothing appropriate.
bpf_asm: nothing appropriate.
bpf_dbg: nothing appropriate.
bpf_jit_disasm: nothing appropriate.
breeze-settings5: nothing appropriate.
brick: nothing appropriate.
brotli: nothing appropriate.
brute-force: nothing appropriate.
brutemap: nothing appropriate.
brutespray: nothing appropriate.
brutessh: nothing appropriate.
brutex: nothing appropriate.
brutex-masscan: nothing appropriate.
brutexss: nothing appropriate.
bs2bconvert: nothing appropriate.
bs2bstream: nothing appropriate.
btconfig: nothing appropriate.
btgatt-client: nothing appropriate.
btgatt-server: nothing appropriate.
btinfo: nothing appropriate.
btiotest: nothing appropriate.
btmgmt: nothing appropriate.
btmon: nothing appropriate.
btpclient: nothing appropriate.
btproxy: nothing appropriate.
btsnoop: nothing appropriate.
build_filelist: nothing appropriate.
build-progress.sh: nothing appropriate.
bumblebee-bugreport: nothing appropriate.
bump: nothing appropriate.
bundle: nothing appropriate.
bundle-2.3: nothing appropriate.
bundledoc: nothing appropriate.
bundler: nothing appropriate.
bunnyducky: nothing appropriate.
bzdiff: nothing appropriate.
bzgrep: nothing appropriate.
bzmore: nothing appropriate.
bzr: nothing appropriate.
bzr-receive-pack: nothing appropriate.
bzr-upload-pack: nothing appropriate.
c: nothing appropriate.
c++: nothing appropriate.
c++-8: nothing appropriate.
c89: nothing appropriate.
c89-9: nothing appropriate.
c++-9: nothing appropriate.
c99-9: nothing appropriate.
cacaclock: nothing appropriate.
cairo-sphinx: nothing appropriate.
cairo-trace: nothing appropriate.
calc_stat: nothing appropriate.
canberra-boot: nothing appropriate.
canberra-gtk-play: nothing appropriate.
canbusutil: nothing appropriate.
cap2hccapx: nothing appropriate.
cargo: nothing appropriate.
cargo-clippy: nothing appropriate.
cargo-fmt: nothing appropriate.
cargo-fuzz: nothing appropriate.
cargo-miri: nothing appropriate.
caspol: nothing appropriate.
catchsegv: nothing appropriate.
cb: nothing appropriate.
cc: nothing appropriate.
cc-8: nothing appropriate.
cc-9: nothing appropriate.
ccache2john: nothing appropriate.
ccache-swig: nothing appropriate.
c++-copy-class-and-file: nothing appropriate.
cd-iccdump: nothing appropriate.
cef5latex: nothing appropriate.
cef5pdflatex: nothing appropriate.
ceflatex: nothing appropriate.
cefpdflatex: nothing appropriate.
cefslatex: nothing appropriate.
cefspdflatex: nothing appropriate.
cf: nothing appropriate.
cftp3: nothing appropriate.
cgc: nothing appropriate.
cgroup_event_listener: nothing appropriate.
chaosreader: nothing appropriate.
chardetect: nothing appropriate.
chardetect-py2: nothing appropriate.
cheat-sh: nothing appropriate.
checkbandwidth: nothing appropriate.
checkcites: nothing appropriate.
check_hd: nothing appropriate.
checklistings: nothing appropriate.
check-selftest: nothing appropriate.
chklref: nothing appropriate.
chmorph: nothing appropriate.
cht.sh: nothing appropriate.
cifsiostat: nothing appropriate.
c-index-test: nothing appropriate.
cisco2john: nothing appropriate.
cistopbm: nothing appropriate.
citadel: nothing appropriate.
cjk-gs-integrate: nothing appropriate.
ckeygen3: nothing appropriate.
clang++: nothing appropriate.
clang-10: nothing appropriate.
clang-apply-replacements: nothing appropriate.
clang-change-namespace: nothing appropriate.
clang-check: nothing appropriate.
clang-cl: nothing appropriate.
clang-cpp: nothing appropriate.
clangd: nothing appropriate.
clang-doc: nothing appropriate.
clang-extdef-mapping: nothing appropriate.
clang-format: nothing appropriate.
clang-import-test: nothing appropriate.
clang-include-fixer: nothing appropriate.
clang-move: nothing appropriate.
clang-offload-bundler: nothing appropriate.
clang-offload-wrapper: nothing appropriate.
clang-query: nothing appropriate.
clang-refactor: nothing appropriate.
clang-rename: nothing appropriate.
clang-reorder-fields: nothing appropriate.
clang-scan-deps: nothing appropriate.
clang-tidy: nothing appropriate.
cleanup-rules: nothing appropriate.
clear-color: nothing appropriate.
clear-fbo: nothing appropriate.
clear-fbo-scissor: nothing appropriate.
clear-fbo-tex: nothing appropriate.
clear-random: nothing appropriate.
clear-repeat: nothing appropriate.
clear-scissor: nothing appropriate.
clearspd: nothing appropriate.
clear-undefined: nothing appropriate.
clipgrab: nothing appropriate.
clippy-driver: nothing appropriate.
clit: nothing appropriate.
cllualatex: nothing appropriate.
clmake: nothing appropriate.
clmake-short: nothing appropriate.
cltest: nothing appropriate.
cluttex: nothing appropriate.
clxelatex: nothing appropriate.
cmospwd: nothing appropriate.
cmsmap: nothing appropriate.
code2color: nothing appropriate.
code-oss: nothing appropriate.
codepage: nothing appropriate.
colcon: nothing appropriate.
coloredlogs: nothing appropriate.
coloredlogs2: nothing appropriate.
colorgcc: nothing appropriate.
colorize: nothing appropriate.
colormake-short: nothing appropriate.
colorsvn: nothing appropriate.
colourpipe.ecj: nothing appropriate.
colourpipe.ecj.jar: nothing appropriate.
colourpipe.javac: nothing appropriate.
colourpipe.javac.jar: nothing appropriate.
combinator: nothing appropriate.
combinator3: nothing appropriate.
combipow: nothing appropriate.
commitpkg: nothing appropriate.
community2extra: nothing appropriate.
communityco: nothing appropriate.
communitypkg: nothing appropriate.
community-stagingpkg: nothing appropriate.
community-testingpkg: nothing appropriate.
conch3: nothing appropriate.
configure-printer: nothing appropriate.
conf.py: nothing appropriate.
conky: nothing appropriate.
conky-convert.lua: nothing appropriate.
conplay: nothing appropriate.
containerd: nothing appropriate.
containerd-shim: nothing appropriate.
containerd-shim-runc-v1: nothing appropriate.
containerd-shim-runc-v2: nothing appropriate.
containerd-stress: nothing appropriate.
context: nothing appropriate.
contextjit: nothing appropriate.
convert-dtsv0: nothing appropriate.
convertfilestopdf: nothing appropriate.
convertfilestops: nothing appropriate.
convertformat: nothing appropriate.
convert_hd: nothing appropriate.
convert-mans: nothing appropriate.
convertsegfilestopdf: nothing appropriate.
convertsegfilestops: nothing appropriate.
converttopdf: nothing appropriate.
converttops: nothing appropriate.
convolutions: nothing appropriate.
copypix: nothing appropriate.
copytex: nothing appropriate.
corrupt_mpeg2: nothing appropriate.
count: nothing appropriate.
cout: nothing appropriate.
coverage: nothing appropriate.
coverage3: nothing appropriate.
coverage-3.8: nothing appropriate.
cowpy: nothing appropriate.
cowpy2: nothing appropriate.
cowpy.bat: nothing appropriate.
cowpy.bat2: nothing appropriate.
cpp-8: nothing appropriate.
cpp-9: nothing appropriate.
cprepair: nothing appropriate.
cpufreq-bench: nothing appropriate.
cpufreq-bench_plot.sh: nothing appropriate.
cpustat: nothing appropriate.
cracf2john: nothing appropriate.
cracklib-check: nothing appropriate.
cracklib-format: nothing appropriate.
cracklib-packer: nothing appropriate.
cracklib-unpacker: nothing appropriate.
crackqcli: nothing appropriate.
create-cracklib-dict: nothing appropriate.
create-image: nothing appropriate.
create_svnignore: nothing appropriate.
createwin: nothing appropriate.
c++-rename-class-and-file: nothing appropriate.
croco-0.6-config: nothing appropriate.
crossrepomove: nothing appropriate.
crowbar: nothing appropriate.
cryptohazemultiforcer: nothing appropriate.
csc: nothing appropriate.
csi: nothing appropriate.
csplain: nothing appropriate.
csslint-0.6: nothing appropriate.
cstool: nothing appropriate.
ct3_to_ntlm: nothing appropriate.
ctanbib: nothing appropriate.
ctanify: nothing appropriate.
ctan-o-mat: nothing appropriate.
ctanupload: nothing appropriate.
ctdb_local_daemons: nothing appropriate.
ctdb_run_cluster_tests: nothing appropriate.
ctdb_run_tests: nothing appropriate.
ctr: nothing appropriate.
cubemap: nothing appropriate.
cuberender: nothing appropriate.
cudahashcat: nothing appropriate.
cuneiform: nothing appropriate.
cups-config: nothing appropriate.
curlie: nothing appropriate.
curve_keygen: nothing appropriate.
cutb: nothing appropriate.
Cutter: nothing appropriate.
cvsaddcurrentdir: nothing appropriate.
cvsaskpass: nothing appropriate.
cvsbackport: nothing appropriate.
cvsblame: nothing appropriate.
cvs-clean: nothing appropriate.
cvsforwardport: nothing appropriate.
cvsservice5: nothing appropriate.
cvsversion: nothing appropriate.
cwdiff: nothing appropriate.
cx18-ctl: nothing appropriate.
cymruwhois: nothing appropriate.
daq-modules-config: nothing appropriate.
dashlane2john: nothing appropriate.
dav1d: nothing appropriate.
db_archive: nothing appropriate.
db_checkpoint: nothing appropriate.
db_deadlock: nothing appropriate.
db_dump: nothing appropriate.
db_hotbackup: nothing appropriate.
db_load: nothing appropriate.
db_log_verify: nothing appropriate.
db_printlog: nothing appropriate.
db_recover: nothing appropriate.
db_replicate: nothing appropriate.
db_stat: nothing appropriate.
db_tuner: nothing appropriate.
db_upgrade: nothing appropriate.
db_verify: nothing appropriate.
dcomexec.py: nothing appropriate.
dcraw_emu: nothing appropriate.
dcraw_half: nothing appropriate.
ddcmon: nothing appropriate.
ddg3: nothing appropriate.
dec265: nothing appropriate.
decode-edid: nothing appropriate.
decode_tm6000: nothing appropriate.
deepsound2john: nothing appropriate.
deepspeech: nothing appropriate.
de-macro: nothing appropriate.
dep: nothing appropriate.
depythontex: nothing appropriate.
deriv: nothing appropriate.
designer: nothing appropriate.
designer-qt4: nothing appropriate.
designer-qt5: nothing appropriate.
deskey_to_ntlm: nothing appropriate.
dialog-config: nothing appropriate.
dinoshade: nothing appropriate.
dirb-gendict: nothing appropriate.
dirnamen: nothing appropriate.
disable-paste: nothing appropriate.
diskcryptor2john: nothing appropriate.
display-buttons: nothing appropriate.
display-coords: nothing appropriate.
dissolve: nothing appropriate.
distro: nothing appropriate.
distro2: nothing appropriate.
ditaa: nothing appropriate.
dlist-begin-call-end: nothing appropriate.
dlist-dangling: nothing appropriate.
dlist-degenerate: nothing appropriate.
dlist-edgeflag: nothing appropriate.
dlist-edgeflag-dangling: nothing appropriate.
dlist-flat-tri: nothing appropriate.
dlist-mat-tri: nothing appropriate.
dlist-recursive-call: nothing appropriate.
dlist_test: nothing appropriate.
dlist-tri-flat-tri: nothing appropriate.
dlist-tri-mat-tri: nothing appropriate.
dmcs: nothing appropriate.
dmenu_path: nothing appropriate.
dmenu_run: nothing appropriate.
dmg2john: nothing appropriate.
dnet-config: nothing appropriate.
dnsbrute: nothing appropriate.
dnscobra: nothing appropriate.
dnsenum: nothing appropriate.
dnseval: nothing appropriate.
dnseval.py: nothing appropriate.
dnsping: nothing appropriate.
dnsping.py: nothing appropriate.
dnsspider: nothing appropriate.
dnstraceroute: nothing appropriate.
dnstraceroute.py: nothing appropriate.
docker-compose: nothing appropriate.
docker-init: nothing appropriate.
docker-proxy: nothing appropriate.
dosepsbin: nothing appropriate.
dot_builtins: nothing appropriate.
dotenv: nothing appropriate.
dotnet: nothing appropriate.
DPAPImk2john: nothing appropriate.
dpapi.py: nothing appropriate.
dpcd_reg: nothing appropriate.
dpl4hydra.sh: nothing appropriate.
dprof2calltree: nothing appropriate.
draw2arrays: nothing appropriate.
drawarrays: nothing appropriate.
drawelements: nothing appropriate.
drawelements-large: nothing appropriate.
DRAWEXE: nothing appropriate.
DRAWEXE-7.4.0: nothing appropriate.
draw_lib_dependencies: nothing appropriate.
drawoverhead: nothing appropriate.
drawpix: nothing appropriate.
drawrange: nothing appropriate.
drone: nothing appropriate.
dtc: nothing appropriate.
dtd2rng: nothing appropriate.
dtdiff: nothing appropriate.
dtxgen: nothing appropriate.
ducktools: nothing appropriate.
dul-receive-pack: nothing appropriate.
dul-upload-pack: nothing appropriate.
dulwich: nothing appropriate.
dumpimage: nothing appropriate.
dumpmscat: nothing appropriate.
dumpsexp: nothing appropriate.
dump_syms: nothing appropriate.
dvbv5-daemon: nothing appropriate.
dviasm: nothing appropriate.
dviinfox: nothing appropriate.
dwp: nothing appropriate.
eapmd5tojohn: nothing appropriate.
easy_install: nothing appropriate.
easy_install-2.7: nothing appropriate.
easy_install-3.8: nothing appropriate.
ebtables-nft-restore: nothing appropriate.
ebtables-nft-save: nothing appropriate.
echoerr: nothing appropriate.
ecj-colour: nothing appropriate.
ecpg: nothing appropriate.
ecryptfs2john: nothing appropriate.
eddystone: nothing appropriate.
editorconfig-0.12.3: nothing appropriate.
eeprom: nothing appropriate.
eepromer: nothing appropriate.
efitool-mkusb: nothing appropriate.
efivar-tester: nothing appropriate.
eglgears_x11: nothing appropriate.
eglinfo: nothing appropriate.
eglkms: nothing appropriate.
egltri_x11: nothing appropriate.
einfo: nothing appropriate.
ejabberd2john: nothing appropriate.
electron7: nothing appropriate.
electrum2john: nothing appropriate.
elf2hex: nothing appropriate.
elisa: nothing appropriate.
enaml-compileall: nothing appropriate.
enaml-run: nothing appropriate.
enc265: nothing appropriate.
encfs2john: nothing appropriate.
enpass2john: nothing appropriate.
enum4linux: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.ash: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.bash: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.csh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.dash: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.fish: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.ksh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.mksh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.pdksh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.sh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.tcsh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.zsh: nothing appropriate.
eplain: nothing appropriate.
epstopdf: nothing appropriate.
erb-1.8: nothing appropriate.
erb-1.9: nothing appropriate.
erb-2.3: nothing appropriate.
es2gears_wayland: nothing appropriate.
es2gears_x11: nothing appropriate.
es2_info: nothing appropriate.
es2tri: nothing appropriate.
escapesrc: nothing appropriate.
escp2topbm: nothing appropriate.
esentutl.py: nothing appropriate.
espeak: nothing appropriate.
estimator_ckpt_converter: nothing appropriate.
etex: nothing appropriate.
ethereum2john: nothing appropriate.
eu-addr2line: nothing appropriate.
eu-ar: nothing appropriate.
eu-elfcmp: nothing appropriate.
eu-elfcompress: nothing appropriate.
eu-elflint: nothing appropriate.
eu-findtextrel: nothing appropriate.
eu-make-debug-archive: nothing appropriate.
eu-nm: nothing appropriate.
eu-objdump: nothing appropriate.
eu-ranlib: nothing appropriate.
eu-size: nothing appropriate.
eu-stack: nothing appropriate.
eu-strings: nothing appropriate.
eu-strip: nothing appropriate.
eu-unstrip: nothing appropriate.
evebackup: nothing appropriate.
evelauncher.sh: nothing appropriate.
event_rpcgen.py: nothing appropriate.
everegedit: nothing appropriate.
everestore: nothing appropriate.
evewine: nothing appropriate.
evewinecfg: nothing appropriate.
evewinetricks: nothing appropriate.
ewfdebug: nothing appropriate.
execstack: nothing appropriate.
exo-desktop-item-edit: nothing appropriate.
exo-preferred-applications: nothing appropriate.
expander: nothing appropriate.
exr2aces: nothing appropriate.
exrenvmap: nothing appropriate.
exrheader: nothing appropriate.
exrmakepreview: nothing appropriate.
exrmaketiled: nothing appropriate.
exrmultipart: nothing appropriate.
exrmultiview: nothing appropriate.
exrstdattr: nothing appropriate.
extra2community: nothing appropriate.
extractattr: nothing appropriate.
extrapkg: nothing appropriate.
extraterm: nothing appropriate.
extra-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
f2py: nothing appropriate.
f2py2: nothing appropriate.
f2py2.7: nothing appropriate.
f2py3: nothing appropriate.
f2py3.8: nothing appropriate.
f3brew: nothing appropriate.
f3fix: nothing appropriate.
f3probe: nothing appropriate.
f95: nothing appropriate.
fadot: nothing appropriate.
fast-import-filter: nothing appropriate.
fast-import-info: nothing appropriate.
fast-import-query: nothing appropriate.
fb_config: nothing appropriate.
fbobind: nothing appropriate.
fbo_firecube: nothing appropriate.
fbotexture: nothing appropriate.
fc-cache-32: nothing appropriate.
fc_solve_find_index_s2ints.py: nothing appropriate.
fdtdump: nothing appropriate.
fdtget: nothing appropriate.
fdtoverlay: nothing appropriate.
fdtput: nothing appropriate.
fileinfo: nothing appropriate.
filelight: nothing appropriate.
filezilla2john: nothing appropriate.
fill: nothing appropriate.
find-all-symbols: nothing appropriate.
findDelegation.py: nothing appropriate.
finddeps: nothing appropriate.
find-freecell-deal-index.py: nothing appropriate.
findhyph: nothing appropriate.
findmissingcrystal: nothing appropriate.
findssl.sh: nothing appropriate.
fire: nothing appropriate.
firefox: nothing appropriate.
fitscopy: nothing appropriate.
fiwalk: nothing appropriate.
fix-include.sh: nothing appropriate.
fixkdeincludes: nothing appropriate.
fixqt4headers.pl: nothing appropriate.
fixqt4headers.pl-qt5: nothing appropriate.
fixuifiles: nothing appropriate.
flash-var: nothing appropriate.
flask: nothing appropriate.
flask2: nothing appropriate.
flat-clip: nothing appropriate.
flex++: nothing appropriate.
fly: nothing appropriate.
fmtutil-user: nothing appropriate.
fogcoord: nothing appropriate.
fpack: nothing appropriate.
fpcalc: nothing appropriate.
fplight: nothing appropriate.
fragcoord: nothing appropriate.
fragmaster: nothing appropriate.
freecell-solver-fc-pro-range-solve: nothing appropriate.
freecell-solver-multi-thread-solve: nothing appropriate.
freerdp-proxy: nothing appropriate.
freport: nothing appropriate.
fribidi: nothing appropriate.
frisbeelite: nothing appropriate.
fslight: nothing appropriate.
fsraytrace: nothing appropriate.
fs-tri: nothing appropriate.
ftest: nothing appropriate.
ftestd: nothing appropriate.
ftp-rfc: nothing appropriate.
ftp-scanner: nothing appropriate.
function_grep.pl: nothing appropriate.
funpack: nothing appropriate.
fusermount-glusterfs: nothing appropriate.
futurize: nothing appropriate.
fuzz_option: nothing appropriate.
fw_printenv: nothing appropriate.
fw_setenv: nothing appropriate.
fzf-tmux: nothing appropriate.
g++-8: nothing appropriate.
g++-9: nothing appropriate.
gacutil2: nothing appropriate.
gapi2-codegen: nothing appropriate.
gapi2-fixup: nothing appropriate.
gapi2-parser: nothing appropriate.
gatt-service: nothing appropriate.
gawk-5.1.0: nothing appropriate.
gbklatex: nothing appropriate.
gbkpdflatex: nothing appropriate.
gcc-8: nothing appropriate.
gcc-9: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ar: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ar-8: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ar-9: nothing appropriate.
gcc-nm: nothing appropriate.
gcc-nm-8: nothing appropriate.
gcc-nm-9: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ranlib: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ranlib-8: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ranlib-9: nothing appropriate.
gconf-merge-schema: nothing appropriate.
gconf-merge-tree: nothing appropriate.
gconfpkg: nothing appropriate.
gcron.py: nothing appropriate.
gd2copypal: nothing appropriate.
gd2togif: nothing appropriate.
gd2topng: nothing appropriate.
gdcmpgif: nothing appropriate.
gdialog: nothing appropriate.
gdk-pixbuf-pixdata: nothing appropriate.
gdk-pixbuf-query-loaders-32: nothing appropriate.
gdk-pixbuf-thumbnailer: nothing appropriate.
gdparttopng: nothing appropriate.
gdtopng: nothing appropriate.
gearbox: nothing appropriate.
gears: nothing appropriate.
geartrain: nothing appropriate.
geckodriver: nothing appropriate.
geekbench: nothing appropriate.
geli2john: nothing appropriate.
gem: nothing appropriate.
gem-1.9: nothing appropriate.
gem-2.3: nothing appropriate.
gen-enc-table: nothing appropriate.
generate-rules: nothing appropriate.
genincstats: nothing appropriate.
genmipmap: nothing appropriate.
genmkvpwd: nothing appropriate.
gennorm2: nothing appropriate.
gentrigrams: nothing appropriate.
geom-outlining-130: nothing appropriate.
geom-outlining-150: nothing appropriate.
geom-sprites: nothing appropriate.
geom-stipple-lines: nothing appropriate.
geom-wide-lines: nothing appropriate.
geqn: nothing appropriate.
GetADUsers.py: nothing appropriate.
getArch.py: nothing appropriate.
get_device: nothing appropriate.
get_driver: nothing appropriate.
get_machine: nothing appropriate.
get_module: nothing appropriate.
GetNPUsers.py: nothing appropriate.
getPac.py: nothing appropriate.
getST.py: nothing appropriate.
getsysinfo: nothing appropriate.
gettext.sh: nothing appropriate.
getTGT.py: nothing appropriate.
GetUserSPNs.py: nothing appropriate.
get-versions: nothing appropriate.
gf_attach: nothing appropriate.
gfind_missing_files: nothing appropriate.
gfxbench: nothing appropriate.
ghc-pkg: nothing appropriate.
ghc-pkg-8.10.2: nothing appropriate.
gif2h5: nothing appropriate.
giftogd2: nothing appropriate.
gimagereader-qt5: nothing appropriate.
gio-querymodules-32: nothing appropriate.
git-clang-format: nothing appropriate.
git-icdiff: nothing appropriate.
git-remote-keybase: nothing appropriate.
gkbd-keyboard-display: nothing appropriate.
glav: nothing appropriate.
glava: nothing appropriate.
glewinfo: nothing appropriate.
glfsheal: nothing appropriate.
glinfo: nothing appropriate.
gloss: nothing appropriate.
glreadtest: nothing appropriate.
glslangValidator: nothing appropriate.
glsl-compile-time: nothing appropriate.
glslstateschange: nothing appropriate.
glsync: nothing appropriate.
gltestperf: nothing appropriate.
glthreads: nothing appropriate.
glue: nothing appropriate.
gluster-eventsapi: nothing appropriate.
glustereventsd: nothing appropriate.
glusterfind: nothing appropriate.
gluster-georep-sshkey: nothing appropriate.
gluster-mountbroker: nothing appropriate.
glxcontexts: nothing appropriate.
glxdemo: nothing appropriate.
glxgears: nothing appropriate.
glxgears_fbconfig: nothing appropriate.
glxgears_pixmap: nothing appropriate.
glxheads: nothing appropriate.
glxinfo: nothing appropriate.
glxpbdemo: nothing appropriate.
glxpixmap: nothing appropriate.
glxsnoop: nothing appropriate.
glxspheres64: nothing appropriate.
glxswapcontrol: nothing appropriate.
gmenudbusmenuproxy: nothing appropriate.
gmock-config.in: nothing appropriate.
gnome-help: nothing appropriate.
gnome-unstablepkg: nothing appropriate.
gnome-unstable-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
go: nothing appropriate.
gofmt: nothing appropriate.
goldenPac.py: nothing appropriate.
google-oauthlib-tool: nothing appropriate.
gpartedbin: nothing appropriate.
gpg2: nothing appropriate.
gpg2john: nothing appropriate.
gpg-error: nothing appropriate.
gpg-error-config: nothing appropriate.
gpgme-config: nothing appropriate.
gpgme-json: nothing appropriate.
gpgme-tool: nothing appropriate.
gpgscm: nothing appropriate.
gpgv2: nothing appropriate.
gphoto2-config: nothing appropriate.
gphoto2-port-config: nothing appropriate.
gr2fonttest: nothing appropriate.
gradle: nothing appropriate.
grantlee_strings_extractor.py: nothing appropriate.
gregorio: nothing appropriate.
grub-theme-creator: nothing appropriate.
gsc: nothing appropriate.
gsraytrace: nothing appropriate.
gss-client: nothing appropriate.
gssdp-device-sniffer: nothing appropriate.
gssdp-discover: nothing appropriate.
gss-server: nothing appropriate.
gst-inspect-1.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gst-launch-1.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gs-tri: nothing appropriate.
gst-stats-1.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gst-typefind-1.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gsx: nothing appropriate.
gtbl: nothing appropriate.
gtest-config.in: nothing appropriate.
gtk-builder-convert: nothing appropriate.
gtk-demo: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-check: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-depscan: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-fixxref: nothing appropriate.
gtkdocize: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-mkdb: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-mkhtml: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-mkhtml2: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-mkman: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-mkpdf: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-rebase: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-scan: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-scangobj: nothing appropriate.
gtkevemon: nothing appropriate.
gtk-query-immodules-2.0: nothing appropriate.
gtk-query-immodules-2.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gtk-query-immodules-3.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gtmp: nothing appropriate.
gts2xyz: nothing appropriate.
gtts-cli: nothing appropriate.
guild: nothing appropriate.
guile-config: nothing appropriate.
guile-snarf: nothing appropriate.
guile-tools: nothing appropriate.
gupnp-av-cp: nothing appropriate.
gupnp-network-light: nothing appropriate.
gupnp-universal-cp: nothing appropriate.
gupnp-upload: nothing appropriate.
gusbcmd: nothing appropriate.
gwenview: nothing appropriate.
gwenview_importer: nothing appropriate.
h52gif: nothing appropriate.
h5c++: nothing appropriate.
h5cc: nothing appropriate.
h5clear: nothing appropriate.
h5copy: nothing appropriate.
h5debug: nothing appropriate.
h5diff: nothing appropriate.
h5dump: nothing appropriate.
h5fc: nothing appropriate.
h5format_convert: nothing appropriate.
h5import: nothing appropriate.
h5jam: nothing appropriate.
h5ls: nothing appropriate.
h5mkgrp: nothing appropriate.
h5perf_serial: nothing appropriate.
h5redeploy: nothing appropriate.
h5repack: nothing appropriate.
h5repart: nothing appropriate.
h5stat: nothing appropriate.
h5unjam: nothing appropriate.
h5watch: nothing appropriate.
hackersh: nothing appropriate.
half_mt: nothing appropriate.
hashcat: nothing appropriate.
haxe: nothing appropriate.
haxelib: nothing appropriate.
hb-ot-shape-closure: nothing appropriate.
hb-shape: nothing appropriate.
hb-subset: nothing appropriate.
hb-view: nothing appropriate.
hccap2john: nothing appropriate.
hccapx2john: nothing appropriate.
hcieventmask: nothing appropriate.
hcisecfilter: nothing appropriate.
hcstat2gen: nothing appropriate.
hcstatgen: nothing appropriate.
hcxessidtool: nothing appropriate.
hcxhashcattool: nothing appropriate.
hcxmactool: nothing appropriate.
hcxpmkidtool: nothing appropriate.
hcxwltool: nothing appropriate.
hdrcopy: nothing appropriate.
healthd: nothing appropriate.
helpviewer2: nothing appropriate.
hex2: nothing appropriate.
hex2hcd: nothing appropriate.
hextoraw: nothing appropriate.
hexyl: nothing appropriate.
hgk: nothing appropriate.
hid2hci: nothing appropriate.
hltest: nothing appropriate.
hmaptool: nothing appropriate.
horizontal-grub: nothing appropriate.
hotshot2calltree: nothing appropriate.
hspell-i: nothing appropriate.
ht: nothing appropriate.
htcat: nothing appropriate.
htcontext: nothing appropriate.
htdigest2john: nothing appropriate.
htlatex: nothing appropriate.
htmex: nothing appropriate.
html2dic: nothing appropriate.
htmldiff: nothing appropriate.
httex: nothing appropriate.
httexi: nothing appropriate.
httpgrep: nothing appropriate.
httprint: nothing appropriate.
https: nothing appropriate.
httsquash: nothing appropriate.
htxelatex: nothing appropriate.
htxetex: nothing appropriate.
hug: nothing appropriate.
humanfriendly: nothing appropriate.
humanfriendly2: nothing appropriate.
hv_fcopy_daemon: nothing appropriate.
hv_kvp_daemon: nothing appropriate.
hv_vss_daemon: nothing appropriate.
hwasan_symbolize: nothing appropriate.
hwinfo: nothing appropriate.
hydra-wizard.sh: nothing appropriate.
i686-pc-linux-gnu-pkg-config: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-c++: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-cc: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-cpp: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-dllwrap: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-g++: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcc: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcc-10.2.0: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcc-ar: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcc-nm: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcc-ranlib: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcov: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcov-dump: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcov-tool: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gfortran: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnat: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatbind: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatchop: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatclean: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatfind: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatkr: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatlink: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatls: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatmake: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatname: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatprep: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatxref: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-ld.bfd: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-lto-dump: nothing appropriate.
i915-perf-configs: nothing appropriate.
i915-perf-control: nothing appropriate.
i915-perf-reader: nothing appropriate.
i915-perf-recorder: nothing appropriate.
ibeacon: nothing appropriate.
ibmiscanner2john: nothing appropriate.
ibus-ui-emojier-plasma: nothing appropriate.
icdiff: nothing appropriate.
iconvert: nothing appropriate.
icu-config-32: nothing appropriate.
icuinfo: nothing appropriate.
idectl: nothing appropriate.
identity: nothing appropriate.
idiag-socket-details: nothing appropriate.
idiff: nothing appropriate.
idl2wrs: nothing appropriate.
idle2: nothing appropriate.
idle3: nothing appropriate.
idle3.8: nothing appropriate.
ifmap.py: nothing appropriate.
igrep: nothing appropriate.
igt_results: nothing appropriate.
igt_resume: nothing appropriate.
igt_runner: nothing appropriate.
igt_stats: nothing appropriate.
iinfo: nothing appropriate.
ijs_client_example: nothing appropriate.
ijs_server_example: nothing appropriate.
ikdasm: nothing appropriate.
ikescan2john: nothing appropriate.
imageSynth: nothing appropriate.
imagetops: nothing appropriate.
imcopy: nothing appropriate.
img2png2: nothing appropriate.
img2py2: nothing appropriate.
img2srec: nothing appropriate.
img2xpm2: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_bumpmap: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_colorspace: nothing appropriate.
imlib2-config: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_conv: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_grab: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_load: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_poly: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_show: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_test: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_view: nothing appropriate.
includemocs: nothing appropriate.
installfont-tl: nothing appropriate.
installvst: nothing appropriate.
intel_audio_dump: nothing appropriate.
intel_backlight: nothing appropriate.
intel_bios_dumper: nothing appropriate.
intel_display_crc: nothing appropriate.
intel_display_poller: nothing appropriate.
intel_dp_compliance: nothing appropriate.
intel_dump_decode: nothing appropriate.
intel_error_decode: nothing appropriate.
intel_firmware_decode: nothing appropriate.
intel_forcewaked: nothing appropriate.
intel_framebuffer_dump: nothing appropriate.
intel_gem_info: nothing appropriate.
intel-gen4asm: nothing appropriate.
intel-gen4disasm: nothing appropriate.
intel_gpu_abrt: nothing appropriate.
intel_gpu_frequency: nothing appropriate.
intel-gpu-overlay: nothing appropriate.
intel_gpu_time: nothing appropriate.
intel_gpu_top: nothing appropriate.
intel_gtt: nothing appropriate.
intel_guc_logger: nothing appropriate.
intel_gvtg_test: nothing appropriate.
intel_infoframes: nothing appropriate.
intel_l3_parity: nothing appropriate.
intel_lid: nothing appropriate.
intel_opregion_decode: nothing appropriate.
intel_panel_fitter: nothing appropriate.
intel_perf_counters: nothing appropriate.
intel_reg: nothing appropriate.
intel_reg_checker: nothing appropriate.
intel_residency: nothing appropriate.
intel_stepping: nothing appropriate.
intel_vbt_decode: nothing appropriate.
intel_watermark: nothing appropriate.
ios7tojohn: nothing appropriate.
iostat: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-legacy: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-legacy-restore: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-legacy-save: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-nft: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-nft-restore: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-nft-save: nothing appropriate.
ipdb: nothing appropriate.
ipdb3: nothing appropriate.
ipers: nothing appropriate.
ipf-mod.pl: nothing appropriate.
ipmaddr: nothing appropriate.
iptables-legacy: nothing appropriate.
iptables-legacy-restore: nothing appropriate.
iptables-legacy-save: nothing appropriate.
iptables-nft: nothing appropriate.
iptables-nft-restore: nothing appropriate.
iptables-nft-save: nothing appropriate.
iptest: nothing appropriate.
iptest3: nothing appropriate.
iptunnel: nothing appropriate.
ipython3: nothing appropriate.
irb: nothing appropriate.
irb-1.8: nothing appropriate.
irb-1.9: nothing appropriate.
irb-2.3: nothing appropriate.
iscsi-gen-initiatorname: nothing appropriate.
iscsi_offload: nothing appropriate.
iscsi-perf: nothing appropriate.
iscsi-readcapacity16: nothing appropriate.
isempty: nothing appropriate.
isfloat: nothing appropriate.
isin: nothing appropriate.
isin_nocase: nothing appropriate.
isosurf: nothing appropriate.
ispellaff2myspell: nothing appropriate.
itunes_backup2john: nothing appropriate.
iv: nothing appropriate.
iwork2john: nothing appropriate.
jack_alias: nothing appropriate.
jack_evmon: nothing appropriate.
jack_latent_client: nothing appropriate.
jack_midi_dump: nothing appropriate.
jack_midiseq: nothing appropriate.
jack_midisine: nothing appropriate.
jack_rec: nothing appropriate.
jack_server_control: nothing appropriate.
jack_session_notify: nothing appropriate.
jack_simple_client: nothing appropriate.
jack_simple_session_client: nothing appropriate.
jack_transport_client: nothing appropriate.
jadetex: nothing appropriate.
javac-colour: nothing appropriate.
jbrute: nothing appropriate.
jemalloc-config: nothing appropriate.
jemalloc.sh: nothing appropriate.
jeprof: nothing appropriate.
jfmutil: nothing appropriate.
jira-wiki-markup: nothing appropriate.
jnetmap: nothing appropriate.
john: nothing appropriate.
johnny: nothing appropriate.
jpeg_extract: nothing appropriate.
jp.py: nothing appropriate.
js60: nothing appropriate.
js60-config: nothing appropriate.
js68: nothing appropriate.
js68-config: nothing appropriate.
json_reformat: nothing appropriate.
jsonschema: nothing appropriate.
json_verify: nothing appropriate.
jtagconsole: nothing appropriate.
juk: nothing appropriate.
jungle: nothing appropriate.
jupyter: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-bundlerextension: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-console: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-kernel: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-kernelspec: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-migrate: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-nbconvert: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-nbextension: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-notebook: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-qtconsole: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-run: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-serverextension: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-troubleshoot: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-trust: nothing appropriate.
jwtcat: nothing appropriate.
jwt-cracker: nothing appropriate.
JxrDecApp: nothing appropriate.
JxrEncApp: nothing appropriate.
kaccess: nothing appropriate.
kactivities-cli: nothing appropriate.
kaem: nothing appropriate.
kapidox_generate: nothing appropriate.
kapplymousetheme: nothing appropriate.
kapptemplate: nothing appropriate.
karmaSMB.py: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktfconsole: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktf.gui: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktfktf: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktflinker: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktfrun: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktfupdate: nothing appropriate.
kate-syntax-highlighter: nothing appropriate.
kbackup: nothing appropriate.
kbdgrab: nothing appropriate.
kbfsfuse: nothing appropriate.
kbnm: nothing appropriate.
kbroadcastnotification: nothing appropriate.
kbxutil: nothing appropriate.
kcachegrind: nothing appropriate.
kcalc: nothing appropriate.
kcharselect: nothing appropriate.
kcminit: nothing appropriate.
kcminit_startup: nothing appropriate.
kcmshell5: nothing appropriate.
kcm-touchpad-list-devices: nothing appropriate.
kcolorchooser: nothing appropriate.
kcolorschemeeditor: nothing appropriate.
kdcdump2john: nothing appropriate.
kde-add-printer: nothing appropriate.
kdebugdialog5: nothing appropriate.
kdebugsettings: nothing appropriate.
kdecp5: nothing appropriate.
kdedoc: nothing appropriate.
kde_generate_export_header: nothing appropriate.
kdeinit5_shutdown: nothing appropriate.
kdeinit5_wrapper: nothing appropriate.
kdekillall: nothing appropriate.
kdelnk2desktop.py: nothing appropriate.
kdemangen.pl: nothing appropriate.
kdemv5: nothing appropriate.
kde-open5: nothing appropriate.
kde-print-queue: nothing appropriate.
kde-systemsettings-tree.py: nothing appropriate.
kde-unstablepkg: nothing appropriate.
kde-unstable-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
kdev_dbus_socket_transformer: nothing appropriate.
kdevelop: nothing appropriate.
kdevelop!: nothing appropriate.
kdev_format_source: nothing appropriate.
kdev_includepathsconverter: nothing appropriate.
kdevplatform_shell_environment.sh: nothing appropriate.
kdf: nothing appropriate.
kdialog: nothing appropriate.
kdialog_progress_helper: nothing appropriate.
kdwsdl2cpp: nothing appropriate.
keditbookmarks: nothing appropriate.
keditfiletype5: nothing appropriate.
keepass2john: nothing appropriate.
ketcindy: nothing appropriate.
keybase: nothing appropriate.
keychain2john: nothing appropriate.
keyring2john: nothing appropriate.
keyspace: nothing appropriate.
keystore2john: nothing appropriate.
kfloppy: nothing appropriate.
kfontinst: nothing appropriate.
kfontview: nothing appropriate.
kget: nothing appropriate.
kglobalaccel5: nothing appropriate.
khelpcenter: nothing appropriate.
kiconfinder5: nothing appropriate.
kimagemapeditor: nothing appropriate.
kintercept.py: nothing appropriate.
kioclient5: nothing appropriate.
kirbi2john: nothing appropriate.
kirigami2gallery: nothing appropriate.
kiten: nothing appropriate.
kitengen: nothing appropriate.
kitenkanjibrowser: nothing appropriate.
kitenradselect: nothing appropriate.
kleopatra: nothing appropriate.
klettres: nothing appropriate.
klipper: nothing appropriate.
kmenuedit: nothing appropriate.
kmimetypefinder5: nothing appropriate.
kmix: nothing appropriate.
kmixctrl: nothing appropriate.
kmixremote: nothing appropriate.
knetattach: nothing appropriate.
knewstuff-dialog: nothing appropriate.
known_hosts2john: nothing appropriate.
kolourpaint: nothing appropriate.
kompare: nothing appropriate.
konsole: nothing appropriate.
konsoleprofile: nothing appropriate.
kopete: nothing appropriate.
kpackagelauncherqml: nothing appropriate.
kpartloader: nothing appropriate.
kplymouththemeinstaller: nothing appropriate.
kquitapp5: nothing appropriate.
krazy-licensecheck: nothing appropriate.
krb2john: nothing appropriate.
krb5-send-pr: nothing appropriate.
krdb: nothing appropriate.
krdc: nothing appropriate.
kreadconfig5: nothing appropriate.
krename: nothing appropriate.
krfb: nothing appropriate.
kruler: nothing appropriate.
krunner: nothing appropriate.
ksba-config: nothing appropriate.
kscreen-console: nothing appropriate.
kscreen-doctor: nothing appropriate.
kshell5: nothing appropriate.
ksmserver: nothing appropriate.
ksplashqml: nothing appropriate.
kstart5: nothing appropriate.
kstatsviewer: nothing appropriate.
kstool: nothing appropriate.
ksvgtopng5: nothing appropriate.
ksysguard: nothing appropriate.
ksysguardd: nothing appropriate.
ksystemlog: nothing appropriate.
ksystemstats: nothing appropriate.
kteatime: nothing appropriate.
ktelnetservice5: nothing appropriate.
ktimer: nothing appropriate.
ktmagnetdownloader: nothing appropriate.
ktorrent: nothing appropriate.
ktp-contactlist: nothing appropriate.
ktp-debugger: nothing appropriate.
ktp-dialout-ui: nothing appropriate.
ktp-log-viewer: nothing appropriate.
ktp-send-file: nothing appropriate.
ktraderclient5: nothing appropriate.
ktrash5: nothing appropriate.
ktupnptest: nothing appropriate.
kturtle: nothing appropriate.
kuiviewer: nothing appropriate.
kwallet2john: nothing appropriate.
kwalletd5: nothing appropriate.
kwalletmanager5: nothing appropriate.
kwatchgnupg: nothing appropriate.
kwave: nothing appropriate.
kwikdisk: nothing appropriate.
kwin_wayland: nothing appropriate.
kwin_x11: nothing appropriate.
kwordquiz: nothing appropriate.
kwrapper5: nothing appropriate.
kwrite: nothing appropriate.
kwriteconfig5: nothing appropriate.
l2test: nothing appropriate.
language-specific.sh: nothing appropriate.
lastpass2john: nothing appropriate.
latex2man: nothing appropriate.
latex2nemeth: nothing appropriate.
latexdef: nothing appropriate.
latexdiff: nothing appropriate.
latexdiff-vc: nothing appropriate.
latexfileversion: nothing appropriate.
latex-git-log: nothing appropriate.
latexindent: nothing appropriate.
latexmk: nothing appropriate.
latexpand: nothing appropriate.
latex-papersize: nothing appropriate.
latexrevise: nothing appropriate.
lav2avi.sh: nothing appropriate.
lavaddwav: nothing appropriate.
lavinfo: nothing appropriate.
lavtc.sh: nothing appropriate.
lconvert: nothing appropriate.
lconvert-qt4: nothing appropriate.
lconvert-qt5: nothing appropriate.
ld64.lld: nothing appropriate.
ld.bfd: nothing appropriate.
ld.gold: nothing appropriate.
ldif2john: nothing appropriate.
ldiff: nothing appropriate.
ld_iscsi.so: nothing appropriate.
ld.lld: nothing appropriate.
leet: nothing appropriate.
len: nothing appropriate.
letdown: nothing appropriate.
leviathan: nothing appropriate.
libassuan-config: nothing appropriate.
libevdev-tweak-device: nothing appropriate.
libgcrypt-config: nothing appropriate.
libglade-convert: nothing appropriate.
libgtop_daemon2: nothing appropriate.
libgtop_server2: nothing appropriate.
libieee1284_test: nothing appropriate.
libjingle-call: nothing appropriate.
libnet-config: nothing appropriate.
libpng16-config: nothing appropriate.
libpng16-config-32: nothing appropriate.
libpng-config: nothing appropriate.
libpng-config-32: nothing appropriate.
libreoffice2john: nothing appropriate.
libtar: nothing appropriate.
libusb-config: nothing appropriate.
libval-config: nothing appropriate.
lightworks: nothing appropriate.
lilv-bench: nothing appropriate.
line: nothing appropriate.
line-clip: nothing appropriate.
line-cull: nothing appropriate.
line-flat: nothing appropriate.
lineloop: nothing appropriate.
lineloop-clip: nothing appropriate.
lineloop-elts: nothing appropriate.
linenum: nothing appropriate.
line-smooth: nothing appropriate.
line-stipple-wide: nothing appropriate.
linestrip: nothing appropriate.
linestrip-clip: nothing appropriate.
linestrip-flat-stipple: nothing appropriate.
linestrip-stipple: nothing appropriate.
linestrip-stipple-wide: nothing appropriate.
line-userclip: nothing appropriate.
line-userclip-clip: nothing appropriate.
line-userclip-nop: nothing appropriate.
line-userclip-nop-clip: nothing appropriate.
line-wide: nothing appropriate.
line-xor: nothing appropriate.
linguist: nothing appropriate.
linguist-qt4: nothing appropriate.
linguist-qt5: nothing appropriate.
linktest: nothing appropriate.
linux-boot-prober: nothing appropriate.
linux-exploit-suggester: nothing appropriate.
lion2john: nothing appropriate.
lion2john-alt: nothing appropriate.
listContains: nothing appropriate.
listings-ext.sh: nothing appropriate.
lit2epub: nothing appropriate.
livewallpaper: nothing appropriate.
livewallpaper-config: nothing appropriate.
livewallpaper-indicator: nothing appropriate.
lld: nothing appropriate.
lld-link: nothing appropriate.
lli-child-target: nothing appropriate.
llvm-cat: nothing appropriate.
llvm-cfi-verify: nothing appropriate.
llvm-config32: nothing appropriate.
llvm-c-test: nothing appropriate.
llvm-cvtres: nothing appropriate.
llvm-cxxdump: nothing appropriate.
llvm-dlltool: nothing appropriate.
llvm-dwp: nothing appropriate.
llvm-elfabi: nothing appropriate.
llvm-ifs: nothing appropriate.
llvm-install-name-tool: nothing appropriate.
llvm-jitlink: nothing appropriate.
llvm-lto: nothing appropriate.
llvm-lto2: nothing appropriate.
llvm-mc: nothing appropriate.
llvm-modextract: nothing appropriate.
llvm-mt: nothing appropriate.
llvm-opt-report: nothing appropriate.
llvm-PerfectShuffle: nothing appropriate.
llvm-rc: nothing appropriate.
llvm-reduce: nothing appropriate.
llvm-rtdyld: nothing appropriate.
llvm-split: nothing appropriate.
llvm-tblgen: nothing appropriate.
llvm-undname: nothing appropriate.
llvm-xray: nothing appropriate.
locale-gen: nothing appropriate.
lodbias: nothing appropriate.
lokalize: nothing appropriate.
lollipop: nothing appropriate.
long-fixed-func: nothing appropriate.
lookandfeeltool: nothing appropriate.
lookupsid.py: nothing appropriate.
lotus2john: nothing appropriate.
lowntfs-3g: nothing appropriate.
lprodump: nothing appropriate.
lprodump-qt5: nothing appropriate.
lprsetup.sh: nothing appropriate.
lpunlock: nothing appropriate.
lrelease: nothing appropriate.
lrelease-pro: nothing appropriate.
lrelease-pro-qt5: nothing appropriate.
lrelease-qt4: nothing appropriate.
lrelease-qt5: nothing appropriate.
lscolors: nothing appropriate.
lsd: nothing appropriate.
lsdesktopf: nothing appropriate.
lsgpu: nothing appropriate.
lshwd: nothing appropriate.
lsix: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-comp-delay-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-comp-delay-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-comp-delay-x2-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-compressor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-compressor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-compressor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-compressor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-dyna-processor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-dyna-processor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-dyna-processor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-dyna-processor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-expander-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-expander-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-expander-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-expander-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-gate-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-gate-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-gate-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-gate-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x16-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x16-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x16-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x16-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x32-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x32-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x32-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x32-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-impulse-responses-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-impulse-responses-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-impulse-reverb-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-impulse-reverb-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-latency-meter: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-limiter-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-limiter-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-loud-comp-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-loud-comp-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-compressor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-compressor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-compressor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-compressor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-expander-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-expander-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-expander-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-expander-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-gate-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-gate-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-gate-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-gate-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x12: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x12-do: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x24: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x24-do: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x48: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x48-do: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-oscillator-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x16-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x16-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x16-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x16-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x32-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x32-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x32-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x32-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-phase-detector: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-profiler-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-profiler-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-room-builder-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-room-builder-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sampler-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sampler-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-compressor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-compressor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-compressor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-compressor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-dyna-processor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-dyna-processor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-dyna-processor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-dyna-processor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-expander-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-expander-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-expander-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-expander-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-gate-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-gate-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-gate-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-gate-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-limiter-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-limiter-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-compressor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-compressor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-compressor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-compressor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-expander-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-expander-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-expander-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-expander-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-gate-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-gate-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-gate-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-gate-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-slap-delay-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-slap-delay-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x1: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x12: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x16: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x2: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x4: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x8: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-surge-filter-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-surge-filter-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-trigger-midi-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-trigger-midi-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-trigger-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-trigger-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lstripstr: nothing appropriate.
lsusb.py: nothing appropriate.
lsvine: nothing appropriate.
lsx: nothing appropriate.
ltxfileinfo: nothing appropriate.
ltximg: nothing appropriate.
lua5.4: nothing appropriate.
luac5.4: nothing appropriate.
luajit-2.0.5: nothing appropriate.
luajithbtex: nothing appropriate.
luaotfload-tool: nothing appropriate.
luarocks: nothing appropriate.
luarocks-admin: nothing appropriate.
luatools: nothing appropriate.
luks2john: nothing appropriate.
lupdate: nothing appropriate.
lupdate-pro: nothing appropriate.
lupdate-pro-qt5: nothing appropriate.
lupdate-qt4: nothing appropriate.
lupdate-qt5: nothing appropriate.
lutris: nothing appropriate.
lv2bench: nothing appropriate.
lvm-cache-stats: nothing appropriate.
lwarpmk: nothing appropriate.
lw-generate-schema: nothing appropriate.
lz: nothing appropriate.
M1: nothing appropriate.
mac2john: nothing appropriate.
mac2john-alt: nothing appropriate.
mailmail3: nothing appropriate.
make4ht: nothing appropriate.
makealias: nothing appropriate.
makechrootpkg: nothing appropriate.
makedb: nothing appropriate.
makemhr: nothing appropriate.
makeobj: nothing appropriate.
maketx: nothing appropriate.
mandelbrot: nothing appropriate.
manywin: nothing appropriate.
marble: nothing appropriate.
mariadb_config: nothing appropriate.
markdown_py: nothing appropriate.
match_parens: nothing appropriate.
matteblend.flt: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_aescrypt2: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_benchmark: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_cert_app: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_cert_req: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_cert_write: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_crl_app: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_crypt_and_hash: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_dh_client: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_dh_genprime: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_dh_server: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_dtls_client: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_dtls_server: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_gen_entropy: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_generic_sum: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_gen_key: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_gen_random_ctr_drbg: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_gen_random_havege: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_hello: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_key_app: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_mini_client: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_mpi_demo: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_pem2der: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_pk_decrypt: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_pk_encrypt: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_pk_sign: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_pk_verify: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_query_compile_time_config: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_req_app: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_rsa_decrypt: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_rsa_encrypt: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_rsa_genkey: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_rsa_sign: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_rsa_verify: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_selftest: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_client1: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_client2: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_fork_server: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_mail_client: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_pthread_server: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_server: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_strerror: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_udp_proxy: nothing appropriate.
mcafee_epo2john: nothing appropriate.
mcaptest: nothing appropriate.
mcdiff: nothing appropriate.
mcomp: nothing appropriate.
mdbrebase: nothing appropriate.
mdk3: nothing appropriate.
mdump2: nothing appropriate.
mdump3: nothing appropriate.
medconforme: nothing appropriate.
media-ctl: nothing appropriate.
medimport: nothing appropriate.
melt: nothing appropriate.
mem_image: nothing appropriate.
memprof2calltree: nothing appropriate.
mesa-overlay-control.py: nothing appropriate.
mesh-cfgclient: nothing appropriate.
meshctl: nothing appropriate.
meshdebug: nothing appropriate.
mex: nothing appropriate.
mf2pt1: nothing appropriate.
mflua: nothing appropriate.
mfluajit: nothing appropriate.
mfluajit-nowin: nothing appropriate.
mflua-nowin: nothing appropriate.
mfplain: nothing appropriate.
mibcopy: nothing appropriate.
mibdump: nothing appropriate.
mictray: nothing appropriate.
mid3cp2: nothing appropriate.
mid3iconv2: nothing appropriate.
mid3v22: nothing appropriate.
mimikatz.py: nothing appropriate.
minidump: nothing appropriate.
min-nbd-client: nothing appropriate.
minuet: nothing appropriate.
mjpeg_simd_helper: nothing appropriate.
mk4ht: nothing appropriate.
mkarchiso: nothing appropriate.
mkenvimage: nothing appropriate.
mk_isdnhwdb: nothing appropriate.
mkjobtexmf: nothing appropriate.
mkl_link_tool: nothing appropriate.
mkluatexfontdb: nothing appropriate.
mklvars.sh: nothing appropriate.
mksquashfs: nothing appropriate.
mkt1font: nothing appropriate.
mkvcalcproba: nothing appropriate.
mli2: nothing appropriate.
mllatex: nothing appropriate.
mltex: nothing appropriate.
moc: nothing appropriate.
moc-qt4: nothing appropriate.
moc-qt5: nothing appropriate.
mod: nothing appropriate.
modularize: nothing appropriate.
moggsplit2: nothing appropriate.
molequeue: nothing appropriate.
monero2john: nothing appropriate.
money2john: nothing appropriate.
mongoc-stat: nothing appropriate.
mono-api-html: nothing appropriate.
mono-boehm: nothing appropriate.
monodocs2slashdoc: nothing appropriate.
mono-find-provides: nothing appropriate.
mono-find-requires: nothing appropriate.
mono-hang-watchdog: nothing appropriate.
mono-heapviz: nothing appropriate.
mono-package-runtime: nothing appropriate.
mono-sgen: nothing appropriate.
mono-test-install: nothing appropriate.
moreman: nothing appropriate.
morph: nothing appropriate.
morph3d: nothing appropriate.
mount.fuse.sshfs: nothing appropriate.
mount.ntfs: nothing appropriate.
mount.sshfs: nothing appropriate.
mount.unionfs: nothing appropriate.
mount.vmhgfs: nothing appropriate.
mouse-dpi-tool: nothing appropriate.
mousepad: nothing appropriate.
mozcerts-qt5: nothing appropriate.
mozilla2john: nothing appropriate.
mpegtranscode: nothing appropriate.
mpg123-id3dump: nothing appropriate.
mpg123-strip: nothing appropriate.
mpicalc: nothing appropriate.
mpris-proxy: nothing appropriate.
mpstat: nothing appropriate.
mptcp-fragmenter: nothing appropriate.
mptcp-scanner: nothing appropriate.
mptopdf: nothing appropriate.
mqtt_check.py: nothing appropriate.
msfconsole: nothing appropriate.
msfd: nothing appropriate.
msfdb: nothing appropriate.
msf-json-rpc.ru: nothing appropriate.
msfrpc: nothing appropriate.
msfrpcd: nothing appropriate.
msfvenom: nothing appropriate.
msf-ws.ru: nothing appropriate.
msidb: nothing appropriate.
msm: nothing appropriate.
mssqlclient.py: nothing appropriate.
mssqlinstance.py: nothing appropriate.
mtdev-test: nothing appropriate.
mtp-albumart: nothing appropriate.
mtp-albums: nothing appropriate.
mtp-connect: nothing appropriate.
mtp-delfile: nothing appropriate.
mtp-detect: nothing appropriate.
mtp-emptyfolders: nothing appropriate.
mtp-files: nothing appropriate.
mtp-filetree: nothing appropriate.
mtp-folders: nothing appropriate.
mtp-format: nothing appropriate.
mtp-getfile: nothing appropriate.
mtp-getplaylist: nothing appropriate.
mtp-hotplug: nothing appropriate.
mtp-newfolder: nothing appropriate.
mtp-newplaylist: nothing appropriate.
mtp-playlists: nothing appropriate.
mtp-reset: nothing appropriate.
mtp-sendfile: nothing appropriate.
mtp-sendtr: nothing appropriate.
mtp-thumb: nothing appropriate.
mtp-tracks: nothing appropriate.
mtp-trexist: nothing appropriate.
mtranslate: nothing appropriate.
mtxrun: nothing appropriate.
mtxrunjit: nothing appropriate.
multiarb: nothing appropriate.
multibit2john: nothing appropriate.
multiblend.flt: nothing appropriate.
multictx: nothing appropriate.
multilib-build: nothing appropriate.
multilibpkg: nothing appropriate.
multilib-staging-build: nothing appropriate.
multilib-stagingpkg: nothing appropriate.
multilib-testing-build: nothing appropriate.
multilib-testingpkg: nothing appropriate.
multinoise: nothing appropriate.
multirender_test: nothing appropriate.
multispell: nothing appropriate.
multitex: nothing appropriate.
munch: nothing appropriate.
mutagen-inspect2: nothing appropriate.
mutagen-pony2: nothing appropriate.
muxer: nothing appropriate.
mxtar: nothing appropriate.
ncb: nothing appropriate.
neko: nothing appropriate.
nekoc: nothing appropriate.
nekoml: nothing appropriate.
nekotools: nothing appropriate.
neo2john: nothing appropriate.
neovim-node-host: nothing appropriate.
netaddr2: nothing appropriate.
netconsole: nothing appropriate.
netntlm: nothing appropriate.
netreconn: nothing appropriate.
netscreen: nothing appropriate.
net-snmp-cert: nothing appropriate.
nettest: nothing appropriate.
nettle-hash: nothing appropriate.
nettle-lfib-stream: nothing appropriate.
nettle-pbkdf2: nothing appropriate.
netview.py: nothing appropriate.
network2john: nothing appropriate.
nf-ct-add: nothing appropriate.
nf-ct-events: nothing appropriate.
nf-ct-list: nothing appropriate.
nf-exp-add: nothing appropriate.
nf-exp-delete: nothing appropriate.
nf-exp-list: nothing appropriate.
nf-log: nothing appropriate.
nf-monitor: nothing appropriate.
nf-queue: nothing appropriate.
ngrok: nothing appropriate.
ninja: nothing appropriate.
nl-addr-add: nothing appropriate.
nl-addr-delete: nothing appropriate.
nl-addr-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-class-add: nothing appropriate.
nl-class-delete: nothing appropriate.
nl-class-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-cls-add: nothing appropriate.
nl-cls-delete: nothing appropriate.
nl-cls-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-fib-lookup: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-enslave: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-ifindex2name: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-name2ifindex: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-release: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-set: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-stats: nothing appropriate.
nl-list-caches: nothing appropriate.
nl-list-sockets: nothing appropriate.
nl-monitor: nothing appropriate.
nl-neigh-add: nothing appropriate.
nl-neigh-delete: nothing appropriate.
nl-neigh-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-neightbl-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-route-add: nothing appropriate.
nl-route-delete: nothing appropriate.
nl-route-get: nothing appropriate.
nl-route-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-rule-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-tctree-list: nothing appropriate.
nltk: nothing appropriate.
nl-util-addr: nothing appropriate.
nmapAnswerMachine.py: nothing appropriate.
nmtmp: nothing appropriate.
node-gyp: nothing appropriate.
noise: nothing appropriate.
noise2: nothing appropriate.
nokfw: nothing appropriate.
noncvslist: nothing appropriate.
nonsvnlist: nothing appropriate.
nosetests2: nothing appropriate.
nosetests-2.7: nothing appropriate.
nosetests3: nothing appropriate.
nosetests-3.8: nothing appropriate.
not: nothing appropriate.
notin: nothing appropriate.
notin_nocase: nothing appropriate.
npf: nothing appropriate.
npth-config: nothing appropriate.
nspr-config: nothing appropriate.
nss-config: nothing appropriate.
ntfs-read.py: nothing appropriate.
ntlmrelayx.py: nothing appropriate.
nu: nothing appropriate.
num2words: nothing appropriate.
numademo: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_core_inc: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_core_ps: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_core_sys: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_core_textview: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_binaryview: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_fetch: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_match: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_post: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_start: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_tree: nothing appropriate.
nvidia-bug-report.sh: nothing appropriate.
nvidia-cuda-mps-server: nothing appropriate.
nvidia-debugdump: nothing appropriate.
nvidia-sleep.sh: nothing appropriate.
nvidia-xrun: nothing appropriate.
nvim-qt: nothing appropriate.
obex-client-tool: nothing appropriate.
obexctl: nothing appropriate.
obex-server-tool: nothing appropriate.
obfitall: nothing appropriate.
obj2yaml: nothing appropriate.
obmm: nothing appropriate.
ociobakelut: nothing appropriate.
ociocheck: nothing appropriate.
ocrgui: nothing appropriate.
office2john: nothing appropriate.
offset: nothing appropriate.
oidnBenchmark: nothing appropriate.
oidnDenoise: nothing appropriate.
oidnTest: nothing appropriate.
oiiotool: nothing appropriate.
omfonts: nothing appropriate.
onig-config: nothing appropriate.
oobtest: nothing appropriate.
op2calltree: nothing appropriate.
opdump.py: nothing appropriate.
openal-info: nothing appropriate.
openbsd_softraid2john: nothing appropriate.
openssl-1.0: nothing appropriate.
openssl2john: nothing appropriate.
optimizegraphics: nothing appropriate.
orc-bugreport: nothing appropriate.
orcc: nothing appropriate.
ortecc: nothing appropriate.
osdemo: nothing appropriate.
osdemo16: nothing appropriate.
osdemo32: nothing appropriate.
osirrox: nothing appropriate.
oslc: nothing appropriate.
oslinfo: nothing appropriate.
os-prober: nothing appropriate.
ostinato: nothing appropriate.
ot2kpx: nothing appropriate.
pablodraw: nothing appropriate.
package_crystalsvg: nothing appropriate.
packETH: nothing appropriate.
paclist: nothing appropriate.
paclock: nothing appropriate.
paclog-pkglist: nothing appropriate.
pacman-db-upgrade: nothing appropriate.
pacscripts: nothing appropriate.
pacsearch: nothing appropriate.
padatious: nothing appropriate.
padlock2john: nothing appropriate.
pa-info: nothing appropriate.
pako: nothing appropriate.
paltex: nothing appropriate.
pamcrater: nothing appropriate.
pamexec: nothing appropriate.
pamfix: nothing appropriate.
pamfixtrunc: nothing appropriate.
pammosaicknit: nothing appropriate.
pampaintspill: nothing appropriate.
pamphletangler: nothing appropriate.
pamrecolor: nothing appropriate.
pamrubber: nothing appropriate.
pamshadedrelief: nothing appropriate.
pamsistoaglyph: nothing appropriate.
pamtoavs: nothing appropriate.
pamtompfont: nothing appropriate.
pamtooctaveimg: nothing appropriate.
pamtopam: nothing appropriate.
pamtopdbimg: nothing appropriate.
pamtopng: nothing appropriate.
pamtosrf: nothing appropriate.
pamtowinicon: nothing appropriate.
pamundice: nothing appropriate.
pamunlookup: nothing appropriate.
pamvalidate: nothing appropriate.
pamwipeout: nothing appropriate.
pango-list: nothing appropriate.
paprefs: nothing appropriate.
par2create: nothing appropriate.
par2repair: nothing appropriate.
par2verify: nothing appropriate.
parley: nothing appropriate.
parole: nothing appropriate.
parsetrigrams: nothing appropriate.
pass_gen: nothing appropriate.
pasteurize: nothing appropriate.
patator: nothing appropriate.
pavucontrol: nothing appropriate.
pbdemo: nothing appropriate.
pbibtex: nothing appropriate.
pbinfo: nothing appropriate.
pbmminkowski: nothing appropriate.
pbmtocis: nothing appropriate.
pbmtosunicon: nothing appropriate.
pcap2john: nothing appropriate.
pcprofiledump: nothing appropriate.
pdata_tools: nothing appropriate.
pdbimgtopam: nothing appropriate.
pdf2john: nothing appropriate.
pdfbook2: nothing appropriate.
pdfcrop: nothing appropriate.
pdfcsplain: nothing appropriate.
pdfjadetex: nothing appropriate.
pdfjam: nothing appropriate.
pdflatexpicscale: nothing appropriate.
pdfmex: nothing appropriate.
pdftex-quiet: nothing appropriate.
pdfxmltex: nothing appropriate.
pdfxup: nothing appropriate.
pdvitomp: nothing appropriate.
pdvitype: nothing appropriate.
peas-demo: nothing appropriate.
peco: nothing appropriate.
pedump: nothing appropriate.
peekvc: nothing appropriate.
peglgears: nothing appropriate.
pem2john: nothing appropriate.
penbox: nothing appropriate.
pentbox: nothing appropriate.
percol: nothing appropriate.
permute: nothing appropriate.
permute_exist: nothing appropriate.
petact: nothing appropriate.
peverify: nothing appropriate.
pew: nothing appropriate.
pfarrei: nothing appropriate.
pfx2john: nothing appropriate.
pgmtosbig: nothing appropriate.
pgmtost4: nothing appropriate.
pgon-mode: nothing appropriate.
pgpdisk2john: nothing appropriate.
pgpsda2john: nothing appropriate.
pgpwde2john: nothing appropriate.
phantomjs: nothing appropriate.
phononsettings: nothing appropriate.
pianoctl: nothing appropriate.
picospeaker: nothing appropriate.
pidstat: nothing appropriate.
pinentry: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-curses: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-emacs: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-gnome3: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-gtk-2: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-qt: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-tty: nothing appropriate.
ping6.py: nothing appropriate.
ping.py: nothing appropriate.
pip2.7: nothing appropriate.
pip3: nothing appropriate.
pip3.8: nothing appropriate.
pipeline: nothing appropriate.
pipenv: nothing appropriate.
pipenv-resolver: nothing appropriate.
pipewire-media-session: nothing appropriate.
pipr: nothing appropriate.
pixeltest: nothing appropriate.
pixeltool: nothing appropriate.
pixeltool-qt4: nothing appropriate.
pixeltool-qt5: nothing appropriate.
pixterm: nothing appropriate.
pkcs1-conv: nothing appropriate.
pk-example-frobnicate: nothing appropriate.
pkfix: nothing appropriate.
pkfix-helper: nothing appropriate.
pkgtop: nothing appropriate.
plasma: nothing appropriate.
plasma-discover: nothing appropriate.
plasma-discover-update: nothing appropriate.
plasma_session: nothing appropriate.
plasmashell: nothing appropriate.
plasma-shutdown: nothing appropriate.
plasma_waitforname: nothing appropriate.
plasmawindowed: nothing appropriate.
playout: nothing appropriate.
plget: nothing appropriate.
png2mng.pl: nothing appropriate.
png2pnm: nothing appropriate.
pngfix: nothing appropriate.
pngfix-32: nothing appropriate.
png-fix-itxt: nothing appropriate.
png-fix-itxt-32: nothing appropriate.
pngtogd: nothing appropriate.
pngtogd2: nothing appropriate.
pngtopam: nothing appropriate.
pnm2png: nothing appropriate.
pnmflip: nothing appropriate.
pnmmercator: nothing appropriate.
pnmquantall: nothing appropriate.
po2xmi5: nothing appropriate.
podofosign: nothing appropriate.
point: nothing appropriate.
pointblast: nothing appropriate.
point-clip: nothing appropriate.
pointcoord: nothing appropriate.
point-param: nothing appropriate.
points: nothing appropriate.
point-sprite: nothing appropriate.
point-wide: nothing appropriate.
point-wide-smooth: nothing appropriate.
polenum: nothing appropriate.
poly: nothing appropriate.
poly-flat: nothing appropriate.
poly-flat-clip: nothing appropriate.
poly-flat-unfilled-clip: nothing appropriate.
poly-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
post-grohtml: nothing appropriate.
postprocessing_benchmark: nothing appropriate.
potcheck: nothing appropriate.
pphs: nothing appropriate.
ppmcolors: nothing appropriate.
ppmtoapplevol: nothing appropriate.
ppmtoascii: nothing appropriate.
ppmtogif: nothing appropriate.
ppmtospu: nothing appropriate.
pppoe-discovery: nothing appropriate.
pprof2calltree: nothing appropriate.
pp-trace: nothing appropriate.
precat: nothing appropriate.
prefixitems: nothing appropriate.
pre-grohtml: nothing appropriate.
prepare: nothing appropriate.
prettygrub: nothing appropriate.
prettyping: nothing appropriate.
preunzip: nothing appropriate.
prezip: nothing appropriate.
primus_vk_diag: nothing appropriate.
printferr: nothing appropriate.
procs: nothing appropriate.
profile2mat.pl: nothing appropriate.
projtex: nothing appropriate.
prompt: nothing appropriate.
prosody2john: nothing appropriate.
protoc: nothing appropriate.
protoc-c: nothing appropriate.
protoc-gen-c: nothing appropriate.
protocoltojson: nothing appropriate.
proximity-sort: nothing appropriate.
proxy: nothing appropriate.
ps2ps2: nothing appropriate.
pse2john: nothing appropriate.
psexec.py: nothing appropriate.
pstat: nothing appropriate.
ps_token2john: nothing appropriate.
pstree.x11: nothing appropriate.
ptf: nothing appropriate.
ptxinfo: nothing appropriate.
pulseaudio-equalizer: nothing appropriate.
pulseaudio-equalizer-gtk: nothing appropriate.
pulseeffects: nothing appropriate.
pulsemixer: nothing appropriate.
purifyeps: nothing appropriate.
putty2john: nothing appropriate.
pvkrun: nothing appropriate.
pvtkpython: nothing appropriate.
pwhash: nothing appropriate.
pw-midiplay: nothing appropriate.
pw-midirecord: nothing appropriate.
pw-play: nothing appropriate.
pw-record: nothing appropriate.
pwsafe2john: nothing appropriate.
pwsh: nothing appropriate.
pyalacarte2: nothing appropriate.
pyalamode2: nothing appropriate.
pybabel: nothing appropriate.
pycrust2: nothing appropriate.
pydictor: nothing appropriate.
pydoc: nothing appropriate.
pydoc2: nothing appropriate.
pydoc3: nothing appropriate.
pydoc3.8: nothing appropriate.
pyew: nothing appropriate.
pyfiglet: nothing appropriate.
pyfiglet2: nothing appropriate.
pygobject-codegen-2.0: nothing appropriate.
pygtk-codegen-2.0: nothing appropriate.
pygtk-demo: nothing appropriate.
pyhtmlizer3: nothing appropriate.
pyjoke: nothing appropriate.
pyjokes: nothing appropriate.
pyjwt: nothing appropriate.
pykig.py: nothing appropriate.
pylupdate4: nothing appropriate.
pylupdate5: nothing appropriate.
pyrcc4: nothing appropriate.
pyrcc5: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-decrypt: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-decrypt2: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-encrypt: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-encrypt2: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-keygen: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-keygen2: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-priv2pub: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-priv2pub2: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-sign: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-sign2: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-verify: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-verify2: nothing appropriate.
pyshell2: nothing appropriate.
pysmt-install: nothing appropriate.
py.test: nothing appropriate.
pytest: nothing appropriate.
python2.7-config: nothing appropriate.
python2-config: nothing appropriate.
python2-pylupdate5: nothing appropriate.
python2-pyrcc5: nothing appropriate.
python2-pyuic4: nothing appropriate.
python2-pyuic5: nothing appropriate.
python3.8-config: nothing appropriate.
python3-config: nothing appropriate.
python-argcomplete-check-easy-install-script: nothing appropriate.
python-argcomplete-check-easy-install-script2: nothing appropriate.
python-argcomplete-tcsh: nothing appropriate.
python-argcomplete-tcsh2: nothing appropriate.
python-config: nothing appropriate.
pythonect: nothing appropriate.
pythontex: nothing appropriate.
pyuic4: nothing appropriate.
pyuic5: nothing appropriate.
pywrap2: nothing appropriate.
pywxrc2: nothing appropriate.
pzstd: nothing appropriate.
qcollectiongenerator: nothing appropriate.
qcollectiongenerator-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qcollectiongenerator-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qconvex: nothing appropriate.
qdbus: nothing appropriate.
qdbuscpp2xml: nothing appropriate.
qdbuscpp2xml-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qdbuscpp2xml-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qdbus-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qdbus-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qdbusviewer: nothing appropriate.
qdbusviewer-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qdbusviewer-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qdbusxml2cpp: nothing appropriate.
qdbusxml2cpp-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qdbusxml2cpp-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qdelaunay: nothing appropriate.
qdep: nothing appropriate.
qdistancefieldgenerator: nothing appropriate.
qdistancefieldgenerator-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qdoc: nothing appropriate.
qdoc3-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qdoc-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qgltf: nothing appropriate.
qhalf: nothing appropriate.
qhelpconverter-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qhelpgenerator: nothing appropriate.
qhelpgenerator-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qhelpgenerator-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qlalr: nothing appropriate.
qlalr-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmake: nothing appropriate.
qmake-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qmake-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qml: nothing appropriate.
qmlcachegen: nothing appropriate.
qmlcachegen-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmleasing: nothing appropriate.
qmleasing-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlformat: nothing appropriate.
qmlformat-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlimportscanner: nothing appropriate.
qmlimportscanner-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmllint: nothing appropriate.
qmllint-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlmin: nothing appropriate.
qmlmin-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlplugindump: nothing appropriate.
qmlplugindump-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qmlplugindump-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlpreview: nothing appropriate.
qmlpreview-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlprofiler: nothing appropriate.
qmlprofiler-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qml-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlscene: nothing appropriate.
qmlscene-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmltestrunner: nothing appropriate.
qmltestrunner-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmltyperegistrar: nothing appropriate.
qmltyperegistrar-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlviewer-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qpaeq: nothing appropriate.
qscxmlc: nothing appropriate.
qt3to4-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qtattributionsscanner: nothing appropriate.
qtattributionsscanner-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qtconfig-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qtdiag: nothing appropriate.
qtdiag-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qt-faststart: nothing appropriate.
qtpaths: nothing appropriate.
qtpaths-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qtplugininfo: nothing appropriate.
qtplugininfo-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qttracereplay-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qtwaylandscanner: nothing appropriate.
quad: nothing appropriate.
quad-clip: nothing appropriate.
quad-clip-all-vertices: nothing appropriate.
quad-clip-nearplane: nothing appropriate.
quad-degenerate: nothing appropriate.
quad-flat: nothing appropriate.
quad-offset-factor: nothing appropriate.
quad-offset-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
quad-offset-units: nothing appropriate.
quads: nothing appropriate.
quadstrip: nothing appropriate.
quadstrip-clip: nothing appropriate.
quadstrip-cont: nothing appropriate.
quadstrip-flat: nothing appropriate.
quad-tex-2d: nothing appropriate.
quad-tex-3d: nothing appropriate.
quad-tex-alpha: nothing appropriate.
quad-tex-pbo: nothing appropriate.
quad-tex-sub: nothing appropriate.
quad-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
quad-unfilled-clip: nothing appropriate.
quad-unfilled-stipple: nothing appropriate.
qvkgen: nothing appropriate.
qvkgen-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qvoronoi: nothing appropriate.
qwebengine_convert_dict: nothing appropriate.
r2r: nothing appropriate.
racc: nothing appropriate.
racc2y: nothing appropriate.
racer: nothing appropriate.
racf2john: nothing appropriate.
radius2john: nothing appropriate.
raiseChild.py: nothing appropriate.
rake: nothing appropriate.
rake-1.9: nothing appropriate.
rake-2.3: nothing appropriate.
ramsmp: nothing appropriate.
rankmirrors: nothing appropriate.
rar2john: nothing appropriate.
rasign2: nothing appropriate.
rav1e: nothing appropriate.
raw2dyna: nothing appropriate.
raw-identify: nothing appropriate.
rawtextdump: nothing appropriate.
ray: nothing appropriate.
rcc: nothing appropriate.
rcc-qt4: nothing appropriate.
rcc-qt5: nothing appropriate.
rcvboxdrv: nothing appropriate.
rd-curves: nothing appropriate.
rdesktop-vrdp: nothing appropriate.
rdmsr: nothing appropriate.
rdoc: nothing appropriate.
rdoc-1.8: nothing appropriate.
rdoc-1.9: nothing appropriate.
rdoc-2.3: nothing appropriate.
rdp_check.py: nothing appropriate.
rds-ctl: nothing appropriate.
readall: nothing appropriate.
readelf.py: nothing appropriate.
readpix: nothing appropriate.
readpixels: nothing appropriate.
readtags: nothing appropriate.
rebuildpkgs: nothing appropriate.
reconscan-recon: nothing appropriate.
reconscan-vulnscan: nothing appropriate.
refind-mkfont: nothing appropriate.
reflect: nothing appropriate.
register-python-argcomplete: nothing appropriate.
register-python-argcomplete2: nothing appropriate.
registry-read.py: nothing appropriate.
reg.py: nothing appropriate.
remaining: nothing appropriate.
remotinator: nothing appropriate.
remuxer: nothing appropriate.
renormal: nothing appropriate.
repc: nothing appropriate.
repo-elephant: nothing appropriate.
repstopdf: nothing appropriate.
req-exclude: nothing appropriate.
req-include: nothing appropriate.
reverseraider: nothing appropriate.
reviewboard-am: nothing appropriate.
rexgen2rules: nothing appropriate.
rftp: nothing appropriate.
rga: nothing appropriate.
rga-preproc: nothing appropriate.
ri-1.8: nothing appropriate.
ri-1.9: nothing appropriate.
ri-2.3: nothing appropriate.
ristretto: nothing appropriate.
rli: nothing appropriate.
rli2: nothing appropriate.
rlogin-cwd: nothing appropriate.
rls: nothing appropriate.
r-mpost: nothing appropriate.
rocs: nothing appropriate.
rootbrute: nothing appropriate.
rpcdump.py: nothing appropriate.
rpdfcrop: nothing appropriate.
r-pmpost: nothing appropriate.
rpyc_classic.py: nothing appropriate.
rpyc_registry.py: nothing appropriate.
rsfetch: nothing appropriate.
rspec: nothing appropriate.
rst2html: nothing appropriate.
rst2html4: nothing appropriate.
rst2html4.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2html5: nothing appropriate.
rst2html5.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2html.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2latex: nothing appropriate.
rst2latex.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2man: nothing appropriate.
rst2man.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2odt: nothing appropriate.
rst2odt_prepstyles: nothing appropriate.
rst2odt_prepstyles.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2odt.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2pseudoxml: nothing appropriate.
rst2pseudoxml.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2s5: nothing appropriate.
rst2s5.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2xetex: nothing appropriate.
rst2xetex.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2xml: nothing appropriate.
rst2xml.py: nothing appropriate.
rstpep2html: nothing appropriate.
rstpep2html.py: nothing appropriate.
rstripstr: nothing appropriate.
rtlfw: nothing appropriate.
rtmpsrv: nothing appropriate.
rtmpsuck: nothing appropriate.
ruby-1.8: nothing appropriate.
ruby-1.9: nothing appropriate.
ruby-2.3: nothing appropriate.
rules_optimize: nothing appropriate.
rulestack: nothing appropriate.
run_archiso: nothing appropriate.
rungs: nothing appropriate.
r-upmpost: nothing appropriate.
rustc: nothing appropriate.
rustdoc: nothing appropriate.
rustfmt: nothing appropriate.
rust-gdb: nothing appropriate.
rust-lldb: nothing appropriate.
rustscan: nothing appropriate.
rustup: nothing appropriate.
sadf: nothing appropriate.
samba_dnsupdate: nothing appropriate.
samba_kcc: nothing appropriate.
sambaPipe.py: nothing appropriate.
samba_spnupdate: nothing appropriate.
samba_upgradedns: nothing appropriate.
samplers: nothing appropriate.
samplers_array: nothing appropriate.
samrdump.py: nothing appropriate.
sancov: nothing appropriate.
sanstats: nothing appropriate.
sap2john: nothing appropriate.
sar: nothing appropriate.
sau-activate.sh: nothing appropriate.
saved_model_cli: nothing appropriate.
sbcdec: nothing appropriate.
sbcenc: nothing appropriate.
sbcinfo: nothing appropriate.
scan-view: nothing appropriate.
scapy2: nothing appropriate.
scotest: nothing appropriate.
screen-4.8.0: nothing appropriate.
scrotwm: nothing appropriate.
sddm: nothing appropriate.
sddm-greeter: nothing appropriate.
sdl2-config: nothing appropriate.
sdl-config: nothing appropriate.
sdpscanner: nothing appropriate.
searchsploit: nothing appropriate.
secretsdump.py: nothing appropriate.
sendmail: nothing appropriate.
seprule: nothing appropriate.
seq2bseq: nothing appropriate.
services.py: nothing appropriate.
sexp-conv: nothing appropriate.
sfscandiff: nothing appropriate.
sgen-grep-binprot: nothing appropriate.
sgmlspl: nothing appropriate.
shadow_sampler: nothing appropriate.
shadowtex: nothing appropriate.
sha-dump: nothing appropriate.
shape: nothing appropriate.
sharedtex: nothing appropriate.
sharedtex_mt: nothing appropriate.
sharkd: nothing appropriate.
sha-test: nothing appropriate.
shellen: nothing appropriate.
shellharden: nothing appropriate.
shellnoob: nothing appropriate.
shellpop: nothing appropriate.
shellsupport: nothing appropriate.
sherlock265: nothing appropriate.
shfsmount: nothing appropriate.
shfsumount: nothing appropriate.
shlibsign: nothing appropriate.
shodan2: nothing appropriate.
showdb: nothing appropriate.
showjournal: nothing appropriate.
showstat4: nothing appropriate.
showwal: nothing appropriate.
shtest: nothing appropriate.
signal2john: nothing appropriate.
signond: nothing appropriate.
signonpluginprocess: nothing appropriate.
signon-ui: nothing appropriate.
sim_client: nothing appropriate.
simpdftex: nothing appropriate.
simple_dcraw: nothing appropriate.
simpleexpand: nothing appropriate.
simpleindex: nothing appropriate.
simplesearch: nothing appropriate.
simplex-noise: nothing appropriate.
sim_server: nothing appropriate.
singlebuffer: nothing appropriate.
sip: nothing appropriate.
SIPdump: nothing appropriate.
sipdump2john: nothing appropriate.
sjislatex: nothing appropriate.
sjispdflatex: nothing appropriate.
skdump: nothing appropriate.
skinning: nothing appropriate.
skiptracer: nothing appropriate.
sktest: nothing appropriate.
skylighting-extract: nothing appropriate.
slencheck: nothing appropriate.
slocate: nothing appropriate.
smbclient.py: nothing appropriate.
smbexec.py: nothing appropriate.
smbgrab: nothing appropriate.
smbhunt: nothing appropriate.
smblist: nothing appropriate.
smbrelayx.py: nothing appropriate.
smbserver.py: nothing appropriate.
snap_scheduler.py: nothing appropriate.
sndfile-resample: nothing appropriate.
sniffer.py: nothing appropriate.
sniff.py: nothing appropriate.
snmpcheck: nothing appropriate.
snmppcap: nothing appropriate.
snmpping: nothing appropriate.
solid-action-desktop-gen: nothing appropriate.
solid-hardware5: nothing appropriate.
solid-power: nothing appropriate.
sortByCol: nothing appropriate.
sotruss: nothing appropriate.
soundstretch: nothing appropriate.
spacy: nothing appropriate.
spa-inspect: nothing appropriate.
spa-monitor: nothing appropriate.
sparta: nothing appropriate.
spd-conf: nothing appropriate.
spd-say: nothing appropriate.
spdsend: nothing appropriate.
spectacle: nothing appropriate.
spectex: nothing appropriate.
spectrwm-no-preload: nothing appropriate.
speech-dispatcher: nothing appropriate.
speedtest: nothing appropriate.
speedtest-cli: nothing appropriate.
sphinx-apidoc: nothing appropriate.
sphinx-autogen: nothing appropriate.
sphinx-build: nothing appropriate.
sphinx_jsgf2fsg: nothing appropriate.
sphinx-quickstart: nothing appropriate.
spike: nothing appropriate.
spike-dasm: nothing appropriate.
spirv-as: nothing appropriate.
spirv-cfg: nothing appropriate.
spirv-dis: nothing appropriate.
spirv-lesspipe.sh: nothing appropriate.
spirv-link: nothing appropriate.
spirv-opt: nothing appropriate.
spirv-reduce: nothing appropriate.
spirv-remap: nothing appropriate.
spirv-val: nothing appropriate.
splitContains: nothing appropriate.
splitimg: nothing appropriate.
splitlen: nothing appropriate.
split.py: nothing appropriate.
spriteblast: nothing appropriate.
sqldiff: nothing appropriate.
sqlmetal: nothing appropriate.
squashfuse_ll: nothing appropriate.
srch_strings: nothing appropriate.
srcredact: nothing appropriate.
srftopam: nothing appropriate.
srt-ffplay: nothing appropriate.
srt-file-transmit: nothing appropriate.
srt-live-transmit: nothing appropriate.
srt-test-file: nothing appropriate.
srt-test-live: nothing appropriate.
srt-test-multiplex: nothing appropriate.
srt-test-relay: nothing appropriate.
srt-tunnel: nothing appropriate.
ssh2john: nothing appropriate.
sslyze: nothing appropriate.
sspr2john: nothing appropriate.
st4topgm: nothing appropriate.
stagingpkg: nothing appropriate.
staging-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
staroffice2john: nothing appropriate.
startplasma-wayland: nothing appropriate.
startplasma-x11: nothing appropriate.
start-statd: nothing appropriate.
steamdeps: nothing appropriate.
steam-runtime: nothing appropriate.
step: nothing appropriate.
stex3d: nothing appropriate.
strace-graph: nothing appropriate.
strace-parser: nothing appropriate.
strip2john: nothing appropriate.
strip-bsn: nothing appropriate.
strip-bsr: nothing appropriate.
stripstr: nothing appropriate.
stunbdc: nothing appropriate.
stund: nothing appropriate.
sty2dtx: nothing appropriate.
subbrute: nothing appropriate.
substrings.pl: nothing appropriate.
sub-tex: nothing appropriate.
sunicontopnm: nothing appropriate.
svcutil: nothing appropriate.
svg-term: nothing appropriate.
svgtopam: nothing appropriate.
svnbackport: nothing appropriate.
svnbench: nothing appropriate.
svnchangesince: nothing appropriate.
svn-clean: nothing appropriate.
svnforwardport: nothing appropriate.
svnfsfs: nothing appropriate.
svngettags: nothing appropriate.
svnintegrate: nothing appropriate.
svnlastchange: nothing appropriate.
svnlastlog: nothing appropriate.
svnrevertlast: nothing appropriate.
svnversions: nothing appropriate.
swapbuffers: nothing appropriate.
swig: nothing appropriate.
sxw2txt: nothing appropriate.
symkeyutil: nothing appropriate.
syncqt.pl: nothing appropriate.
syncqt.pl-qt5: nothing appropriate.
systemd-resolve: nothing appropriate.
systemd-stdio-bridge: nothing appropriate.
systemmonitor: nothing appropriate.
systemsettings5: nothing appropriate.
t4ht: nothing appropriate.
tabulate2: nothing appropriate.
taglib-config: nothing appropriate.
tailer: nothing appropriate.
tap: nothing appropriate.
tapestat: nothing appropriate.
tappy: nothing appropriate.
tarcolor: nothing appropriate.
tastenbrett: nothing appropriate.
tcat: nothing appropriate.
tcbench: nothing appropriate.
tclsh8.6: nothing appropriate.
tdspool: nothing appropriate.
te: nothing appropriate.
teapot: nothing appropriate.
teckit_compile: nothing appropriate.
telegram2john: nothing appropriate.
temu: nothing appropriate.
tensorboard: nothing appropriate.
teq: nothing appropriate.
term_cdiff: nothing appropriate.
termcolors: nothing appropriate.
term_colortab: nothing appropriate.
term_decolor: nothing appropriate.
term_display: nothing appropriate.
terminator.wrapper: nothing appropriate.
terminus: nothing appropriate.
termios-xspike: nothing appropriate.
term_mandel: nothing appropriate.
termshark: nothing appropriate.
term_snow: nothing appropriate.
termtosvg: nothing appropriate.
terrain: nothing appropriate.
tessdemo: nothing appropriate.
tesstrain.sh: nothing appropriate.
testingpkg: nothing appropriate.
testing-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
testpkg: nothing appropriate.
testrb-1.8: nothing appropriate.
testrb-1.9: nothing appropriate.
testrender: nothing appropriate.
test-runner: nothing appropriate.
testshade: nothing appropriate.
testshade_dso: nothing appropriate.
tex4ebook: nothing appropriate.
tex4ht: nothing appropriate.
texaaline: nothing appropriate.
texconfig-dialog: nothing appropriate.
texcount: nothing appropriate.
texcyl: nothing appropriate.
texdef: nothing appropriate.
texdemo1: nothing appropriate.
texdiff: nothing appropriate.
texdirflatten: nothing appropriate.
texdoc: nothing appropriate.
texenv: nothing appropriate.
texexec: nothing appropriate.
texfot: nothing appropriate.
teximage: nothing appropriate.
texliveonfly: nothing appropriate.
texloganalyser: nothing appropriate.
texluajit: nothing appropriate.
texluajitc: nothing appropriate.
texmfstart: nothing appropriate.
texplate: nothing appropriate.
tex-quads: nothing appropriate.
texsis: nothing appropriate.
texture_from_pixmap: nothing appropriate.
textures: nothing appropriate.
tezos2john: nothing appropriate.
tflite_convert: nothing appropriate.
tf_upgrade_v2: nothing appropriate.
tgz: nothing appropriate.
thc-smartbrute: nothing appropriate.
thumbpdf: nothing appropriate.
thunderbird: nothing appropriate.
ticketConverter.py: nothing appropriate.
ticketer.py: nothing appropriate.
timed-read: nothing appropriate.
timed-run: nothing appropriate.
timelineeditor: nothing appropriate.
tjbench: nothing appropriate.
tkconch3: nothing appropriate.
tkpasswd: nothing appropriate.
tldr: nothing appropriate.
tmesis: nothing appropriate.
tmesis-dynamic: nothing appropriate.
tmon: nothing appropriate.
tmuxer: nothing appropriate.
tmux-mem-cpu-load: nothing appropriate.
toco: nothing appropriate.
toco_from_protos: nothing appropriate.
topmorph: nothing appropriate.
touchpad-disabler: nothing appropriate.
touchpad-edge-detector: nothing appropriate.
toyball: nothing appropriate.
tqdm: nothing appropriate.
tqdm2: nothing appropriate.
tracegen: nothing appropriate.
tracegen-qt5: nothing appropriate.
transist.flt: nothing appropriate.
tree-sitter: nothing appropriate.
tri: nothing appropriate.
tri-2101010: nothing appropriate.
tri-2101010-dlist: nothing appropriate.
trial3: nothing appropriate.
tri-alpha: nothing appropriate.
tri-alpha-tex: nothing appropriate.
tri-array-interleaved: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend-color: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend-max: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend-min: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend-revsub: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend-sub: nothing appropriate.
tri-clear: nothing appropriate.
tri-clip: nothing appropriate.
tri-cull: nothing appropriate.
tri-cull-both: nothing appropriate.
tri-dlist: nothing appropriate.
tri-edgeflag: nothing appropriate.
tri-edgeflag-array: nothing appropriate.
tri-edgeflag-pv: nothing appropriate.
triehash: nothing appropriate.
trifan: nothing appropriate.
trifan-flat: nothing appropriate.
trifan-flat-clip: nothing appropriate.
trifan-flat-unfilled-clip: nothing appropriate.
trifan-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
tri-fbo: nothing appropriate.
tri-fbo-tex: nothing appropriate.
tri-fbo-tex-mip: nothing appropriate.
tri-flat: nothing appropriate.
tri-flat-clip: nothing appropriate.
tri-fog: nothing appropriate.
tri-fp: nothing appropriate.
tri-fp-const-imm: nothing appropriate.
tri-lit: nothing appropriate.
tri-lit-material: nothing appropriate.
tri-logicop-none: nothing appropriate.
tri-logicop-xor: nothing appropriate.
tri-mask-tri: nothing appropriate.
tri-multitex-vbo: nothing appropriate.
tri-orig: nothing appropriate.
tri-point-line-clipped: nothing appropriate.
tri-query: nothing appropriate.
trirast: nothing appropriate.
tri-repeat: nothing appropriate.
tri-rotate: nothing appropriate.
tri-scissor-tri: nothing appropriate.
trispd: nothing appropriate.
tri-square: nothing appropriate.
tri-stencil: nothing appropriate.
tri-stipple: nothing appropriate.
tristrip: nothing appropriate.
tristrip-clip: nothing appropriate.
tristrip-flat: nothing appropriate.
tri-tex: nothing appropriate.
tri-tex-1d: nothing appropriate.
tri-tex-3d: nothing appropriate.
tri-tex-stipple: nothing appropriate.
tri-tri: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-clip: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-edgeflag: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-fog: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-point: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-smooth: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-tri: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-tri-lit: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-userclip: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-userclip-stip: nothing appropriate.
tri-userclip: nothing appropriate.
tri-viewport: nothing appropriate.
tri-z: nothing appropriate.
tri-z-9: nothing appropriate.
tri-z-clip: nothing appropriate.
tri-z-eq: nothing appropriate.
truecrypt2john: nothing appropriate.
tst_plugin: nothing appropriate.
ttf2lff: nothing appropriate.
tty2gif: nothing appropriate.
ttygif: nothing appropriate.
ttyplay: nothing appropriate.
ttyrec: nothing appropriate.
ttytime: nothing appropriate.
tunnel: nothing appropriate.
tunnel2: nothing appropriate.
twist3: nothing appropriate.
twistd3: nothing appropriate.
twoside: nothing appropriate.
type1afm: nothing appropriate.
typeoutfileinfo: nothing appropriate.
u2boat: nothing appropriate.
u2openappid: nothing appropriate.
u2spewfoo: nothing appropriate.
u2streamer: nothing appropriate.
uaf2john: nothing appropriate.
uic: nothing appropriate.
uic3-qt4: nothing appropriate.
uic-qt4: nothing appropriate.
uic-qt5: nothing appropriate.
ultrabayd: nothing appropriate.
umax_pp: nothing appropriate.
umbrello5: nothing appropriate.
unafs: nothing appropriate.
uncrustify-kf5: nothing appropriate.
undrop: nothing appropriate.
unionfsctl: nothing appropriate.
unique: nothing appropriate.
unix-lpr.sh: nothing appropriate.
unmunch: nothing appropriate.
unprocessed_raw: nothing appropriate.
unrule: nothing appropriate.
unshadow: nothing appropriate.
unsquashfs: nothing appropriate.
unterm: nothing appropriate.
untoast: nothing appropriate.
unzip-mem: nothing appropriate.
unzzip: nothing appropriate.
unzzip-big: nothing appropriate.
unzzip-mem: nothing appropriate.
unzzip-mix: nothing appropriate.
upbibtex: nothing appropriate.
update-menus: nothing appropriate.
update-pciids: nothing appropriate.
updmap-user: nothing appropriate.
updvitomp: nothing appropriate.
updvitype: nothing appropriate.
upmendex: nothing appropriate.
uriparse: nothing appropriate.
UserFeedbackConsole: nothing appropriate.
userfeedbackctl: nothing appropriate.
utf8mex: nothing appropriate.
UTscapy: nothing appropriate.
UTscapy2: nothing appropriate.
uu-base32: nothing appropriate.
uu-base64: nothing appropriate.
uu-basename: nothing appropriate.
uu-cat: nothing appropriate.
uu-chgrp: nothing appropriate.
uu-chmod: nothing appropriate.
uu-chown: nothing appropriate.
uu-chroot: nothing appropriate.
uu-cksum: nothing appropriate.
uuclient: nothing appropriate.
uu-comm: nothing appropriate.
uu-cp: nothing appropriate.
uu-cut: nothing appropriate.
uu-dircolors: nothing appropriate.
uu-dirname: nothing appropriate.
uu-du: nothing appropriate.
uu-echo: nothing appropriate.
uu-env: nothing appropriate.
uu-expand: nothing appropriate.
uu-expr: nothing appropriate.
uu-factor: nothing appropriate.
uu-false: nothing appropriate.
uu-fmt: nothing appropriate.
uu-fold: nothing appropriate.
uu-groups: nothing appropriate.
uu-hashsum: nothing appropriate.
uu-head: nothing appropriate.
uu-hostid: nothing appropriate.
uu-hostname: nothing appropriate.
uu-id: nothing appropriate.
uu-install: nothing appropriate.
uu-join: nothing appropriate.
uu-kill: nothing appropriate.
uu-link: nothing appropriate.
uu-ln: nothing appropriate.
uu-logname: nothing appropriate.
uu-ls: nothing appropriate.
uu-mkdir: nothing appropriate.
uu-mkfifo: nothing appropriate.
uu-mknod: nothing appropriate.
uu-mktemp: nothing appropriate.
uu-more: nothing appropriate.
uu-mv: nothing appropriate.
uu-nice: nothing appropriate.
uu-nl: nothing appropriate.
uu-nohup: nothing appropriate.
uu-nproc: nothing appropriate.
uu-numfmt: nothing appropriate.
uu-od: nothing appropriate.
uu-paste: nothing appropriate.
uu-pathchk: nothing appropriate.
uu-pinky: nothing appropriate.
uu-printenv: nothing appropriate.
uu-printf: nothing appropriate.
uu-ptx: nothing appropriate.
uu-pwd: nothing appropriate.
uu-readlink: nothing appropriate.
uu-realpath: nothing appropriate.
uu-relpath: nothing appropriate.
uu-rm: nothing appropriate.
uu-rmdir: nothing appropriate.
uu-seq: nothing appropriate.
uuserver: nothing appropriate.
uu-shred: nothing appropriate.
uu-shuf: nothing appropriate.
uu-sleep: nothing appropriate.
uu-sort: nothing appropriate.
uu-split: nothing appropriate.
uu-stat: nothing appropriate.
uu-stdbuf: nothing appropriate.
uu-sum: nothing appropriate.
uu-sync: nothing appropriate.
uu-tac: nothing appropriate.
uu-tail: nothing appropriate.
uu-tee: nothing appropriate.
uu-test: nothing appropriate.
uu-timeout: nothing appropriate.
uu-touch: nothing appropriate.
uu-tr: nothing appropriate.
uu-true: nothing appropriate.
uu-truncate: nothing appropriate.
uu-tsort: nothing appropriate.
uu-tty: nothing appropriate.
uu-uname: nothing appropriate.
uu-unexpand: nothing appropriate.
uu-uniq: nothing appropriate.
uu-unlink: nothing appropriate.
uu-uptime: nothing appropriate.
uu-users: nothing appropriate.
uu-wc: nothing appropriate.
uu-who: nothing appropriate.
uu-whoami: nothing appropriate.
uu-yes: nothing appropriate.
uz: nothing appropriate.
v4l2-dbg: nothing appropriate.
v4l2-sysfs-path: nothing appropriate.
vala: nothing appropriate.
vala-0.48: nothing appropriate.
vala-panel-extras-gtop: nothing appropriate.
vao_demo: nothing appropriate.
vba_extract2.py: nothing appropriate.
vbc: nothing appropriate.
vbo: nothing appropriate.
vbo-drawarrays: nothing appropriate.
vbo-drawarrays-2101010: nothing appropriate.
vbo-drawelements: nothing appropriate.
vbo-drawrange: nothing appropriate.
vbo-noninterleaved: nothing appropriate.
vbo-tri: nothing appropriate.
VBox: nothing appropriate.
vboxballoonctrl: nothing appropriate.
VBoxBalloonCtrl: nothing appropriate.
VBoxClient: nothing appropriate.
VBoxClient-all: nothing appropriate.
VBoxControl: nothing appropriate.
VBoxDRMClient: nothing appropriate.
vboxheadless: nothing appropriate.
VBoxHeadless: nothing appropriate.
vboximg-mount: nothing appropriate.
vboxmanage: nothing appropriate.
VBoxManage: nothing appropriate.
vboxreload: nothing appropriate.
vboxsdl: nothing appropriate.
VBoxSDL: nothing appropriate.
VBoxService: nothing appropriate.
vboxtool: nothing appropriate.
VBoxTunctl: nothing appropriate.
vboxwebsrv: nothing appropriate.
vdb_print: nothing appropriate.
vdi2john: nothing appropriate.
vdpauinfo: nothing appropriate.
verify-uselistorder: nothing appropriate.
vertexrate: nothing appropriate.
vert-or-frag-only: nothing appropriate.
vert-tex: nothing appropriate.
vglclient: nothing appropriate.
vglconfig: nothing appropriate.
vglconnect: nothing appropriate.
vglgenkey: nothing appropriate.
vgllogin: nothing appropriate.
vglrun: nothing appropriate.
vglserver_config: nothing appropriate.
vglxinfo: nothing appropriate.
virtinterfaced: nothing appropriate.
virtlxcd: nothing appropriate.
virtnetworkd: nothing appropriate.
virtnodedevd: nothing appropriate.
virtnwfilterd: nothing appropriate.
virtproxyd: nothing appropriate.
virtqemud: nothing appropriate.
virtsecretd: nothing appropriate.
virtstoraged: nothing appropriate.
virtualbox: nothing appropriate.
VirtualBox: nothing appropriate.
virtualenv-clone: nothing appropriate.
virtvboxd: nothing appropriate.
visualinfo: nothing appropriate.
vkconfig: nothing appropriate.
vkcube: nothing appropriate.
vkcubepp: nothing appropriate.
vkreplay: nothing appropriate.
vktrace: nothing appropriate.
vktracedump: nothing appropriate.
vktraceviewer: nothing appropriate.
vmaf_feature: nothing appropriate.
vmafossexec: nothing appropriate.
vmaf_rc: nothing appropriate.
vmhgfs-fuse: nothing appropriate.
vm-support: nothing appropriate.
vmtoolsd: nothing appropriate.
vmware-checkvm: nothing appropriate.
vmwarectrl: nothing appropriate.
vmware-hgfsclient: nothing appropriate.
vmware-namespace-cmd: nothing appropriate.
vmware-rpctool: nothing appropriate.
vmware-toolbox-cmd: nothing appropriate.
vmware-user: nothing appropriate.
vmware-user-suid-wrapper: nothing appropriate.
vmware-vmblock-fuse: nothing appropriate.
vmware-xdg-detect-de: nothing appropriate.
vmware-xferlogs: nothing appropriate.
vmx2john: nothing appropriate.
vncpcap2john: nothing appropriate.
voicechanger-tui: nothing appropriate.
vp-array: nothing appropriate.
vp-array-hf: nothing appropriate.
vp-array-int: nothing appropriate.
vp-clip: nothing appropriate.
vpl2ovp: nothing appropriate.
vpl2vpl: nothing appropriate.
vp-line-clip: nothing appropriate.
vpnc-disconnect: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-cb: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-cb-pos: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-cb-tex: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-imm: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-invariant: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-swap: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-tex: nothing appropriate.
vp-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
vpxdec: nothing appropriate.
vpxenc: nothing appropriate.
vsraytrace: nothing appropriate.
vte-2.91: nothing appropriate.
vterm-ctrl: nothing appropriate.
vterm-dump: nothing appropriate.
vtkEncodeString: nothing appropriate.
vtkParseJava: nothing appropriate.
vtkpython: nothing appropriate.
vtkWrapHierarchy: nothing appropriate.
vtkWrapJava: nothing appropriate.
vtkWrapPython: nothing appropriate.
vtkWrapPythonInit: nothing appropriate.
vulkaninfo: nothing appropriate.
waitress-serve: nothing appropriate.
wasm-ld: nothing appropriate.
wayland-scanner: nothing appropriate.
wcgrep: nothing appropriate.
weather: nothing appropriate.
WebKitWebDriver: nothing appropriate.
webpng: nothing appropriate.
wheel: nothing appropriate.
whoismac: nothing appropriate.
wifi-menu: nothing appropriate.
wincopy: nothing appropriate.
wine64: nothing appropriate.
wine64-preloader: nothing appropriate.
wine-preloader: nothing appropriate.
winicontopam: nothing appropriate.
winpopup-install: nothing appropriate.
winpopup-send: nothing appropriate.
winpos: nothing appropriate.
wiper.sh: nothing appropriate.
wires: nothing appropriate.
wish8.6: nothing appropriate.
wlangenpmk: nothing appropriate.
wlangenpmkocl: nothing appropriate.
wlanhcx2john: nothing appropriate.
wlanhcx2ssid: nothing appropriate.
wlanhcxcat: nothing appropriate.
wlanhcxinfo: nothing appropriate.
wlanjohn2hcx: nothing appropriate.
wlanpmk2hcx: nothing appropriate.
wlanwkp2hcx: nothing appropriate.
wl-clip: nothing appropriate.
wl-copy: nothing appropriate.
wl-paste: nothing appropriate.
wmd: nothing appropriate.
wmiexec.py: nothing appropriate.
wmipersist.py: nothing appropriate.
wmiquery.py: nothing appropriate.
wnckprop: nothing appropriate.
wnck-urgency-monitor: nothing appropriate.
woff2_compress: nothing appropriate.
woff2_decompress: nothing appropriate.
woff2_info: nothing appropriate.
wofm2opl: nothing appropriate.
wol-e: nothing appropriate.
wopl2ofm: nothing appropriate.
wordforms: nothing appropriate.
wordlist2hunspell: nothing appropriate.
wovf2ovp: nothing appropriate.
wovp2ovf: nothing appropriate.
wpapcap2john: nothing appropriate.
wrmsr: nothing appropriate.
wsdl2: nothing appropriate.
wsdump.py: nothing appropriate.
wx-config: nothing appropriate.
wx-config-gtk3: nothing appropriate.
wxrc: nothing appropriate.
wxrc-3.0: nothing appropriate.
x264: nothing appropriate.
x265: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-c++: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-c++-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-c++-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-g++: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-g++-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-g++-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-10.2.0: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-8.4.0: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-9.3.0: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ar: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ar-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ar-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-nm: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-nm-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-nm-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ranlib: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ranlib-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ranlib-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gfortran: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-pkg-config: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-c++: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-cc: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-cpp: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-dllwrap: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-g++: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcc: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcc-10.2.0: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcc-ar: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcc-nm: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcc-ranlib: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcov: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcov-dump: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcov-tool: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gfortran: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnat: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatbind: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatchop: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatclean: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatfind: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatkr: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatlink: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatls: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatmake: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatname: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatprep: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatxref: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-ld.bfd: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-lto-dump: nothing appropriate.
xdg-dbus-proxy: nothing appropriate.
xdg_menu: nothing appropriate.
xdg_menu_su: nothing appropriate.
xdg-user-dirs-gtk-update: nothing appropriate.
xdot2: nothing appropriate.
xdvi-xaw: nothing appropriate.
xeglgears: nothing appropriate.
xeglthreads: nothing appropriate.
xembedsniproxy: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-about: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-appfinder: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-clipman: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-clipman-history: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-clipman-settings: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-kiosk-query: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-notes: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-notes-settings: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-panel: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-pm-helper: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-applicationsmenu: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-clipman: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-clipman-actions: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-directorymenu: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-notes: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-windowmenu: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-screensaver-configure: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-taskmanager: nothing appropriate.
xfconf-query: nothing appropriate.
xfont: nothing appropriate.
xfpm-power-backlight-helper: nothing appropriate.
xfrun4: nothing appropriate.
xfwm4: nothing appropriate.
xfwm4-settings: nothing appropriate.
xfwm4-tweaks-settings: nothing appropriate.
xfwm4-workspace-settings: nothing appropriate.
xglyph: nothing appropriate.
xhlatex: nothing appropriate.
xindex: nothing appropriate.
xindy.run: nothing appropriate.
xinitrcsession-helper: nothing appropriate.
xmdump2: nothing appropriate.
xmdump3: nothing appropriate.
xmi2pot5: nothing appropriate.
xmlpatterns: nothing appropriate.
xmlpatterns-qt4: nothing appropriate.
xmlpatternsvalidator: nothing appropriate.
xmlpatternsvalidator-qt4: nothing appropriate.
xmltex: nothing appropriate.
xmlwf: nothing appropriate.
xpstat: nothing appropriate.
xq: nothing appropriate.
xrced2: nothing appropriate.
xrotfontdemo: nothing appropriate.
xslt-config: nothing appropriate.
Xspice: nothing appropriate.
xspike: nothing appropriate.
xtables-legacy-multi: nothing appropriate.
xtables-nft-multi: nothing appropriate.
xtermcolor: nothing appropriate.
xtermcolor2: nothing appropriate.
xtrace: nothing appropriate.
xtractprotos: nothing appropriate.
Xwayland: nothing appropriate.
y2racc: nothing appropriate.
y4mblack: nothing appropriate.
y4mhist: nothing appropriate.
y4minterlace: nothing appropriate.
y4mivtc: nothing appropriate.
y4mshift: nothing appropriate.
y4mspatialfilter: nothing appropriate.
y4mstabilizer: nothing appropriate.
y4mtoyuv: nothing appropriate.
yaft_wall: nothing appropriate.
yakuake: nothing appropriate.
yaml2obj: nothing appropriate.
yaml-bench: nothing appropriate.
yank: nothing appropriate.
yarn: nothing appropriate.
yarnpkg: nothing appropriate.
yasca: nothing appropriate.
yat2m: nothing appropriate.
yelp: nothing appropriate.
ypipe: nothing appropriate.
yq: nothing appropriate.
yuvcorrect: nothing appropriate.
yuvcorrect_tune: nothing appropriate.
yuvdeinterlace: nothing appropriate.
yuv-distortion: nothing appropriate.
yuy2topam: nothing appropriate.
yuyvtoy4m: nothing appropriate.
z3: nothing appropriate.
zbarcam-gtk: nothing appropriate.
zbarcam-qt: nothing appropriate.
zegrep: nothing appropriate.
zfgrep: nothing appropriate.
zip2john: nothing appropriate.
zoom: nothing appropriate.
zsh-5.8: nothing appropriate.
zstdmt: nothing appropriate.
zzcat: nothing appropriate.
zzdir: nothing appropriate.
zzxorcat: nothing appropriate.
zzxorcopy: nothing appropriate.
zzxordir: nothing appropriate.
[: nothing appropriate.
1password2john: nothing appropriate.
2to3: nothing appropriate.
2to3-2.7: nothing appropriate.
2to3-3.8: nothing appropriate.
4channels: nothing appropriate.
7z2john: nothing appropriate.
a2ping: nothing appropriate.
a2x.py: nothing appropriate.
a5toa4: nothing appropriate.
aalib-config: nothing appropriate.
abcconvert: nothing appropriate.
abcdiff: nothing appropriate.
abcecho: nothing appropriate.
abcechobounds: nothing appropriate.
abcls: nothing appropriate.
abcstitcher: nothing appropriate.
abctree: nothing appropriate.
acceleration_speed: nothing appropriate.
acol: nothing appropriate.
activate-global-python-argcomplete: nothing appropriate.
activate-global-python-argcomplete2: nothing appropriate.
addcomputer.py: nothing appropriate.
adhocfilelist: nothing appropriate.
advtest: nothing appropriate.
adxcsouf2john: nothing appropriate.
aem2john: nothing appropriate.
aeson-pretty: nothing appropriate.
affixcompress: nothing appropriate.
afm2afm: nothing appropriate.
afpfs: nothing appropriate.
against: nothing appropriate.
ag-backup: nothing appropriate.
aggregate_profile.pl: nothing appropriate.
ag-tool: nothing appropriate.
aiodnsbrute: nothing appropriate.
air: nothing appropriate.
air-counter: nothing appropriate.
airoscript-ng: nothing appropriate.
aix2john: nothing appropriate.
alsabat-test.sh: nothing appropriate.
alsa_delay: nothing appropriate.
alsa_loopback: nothing appropriate.
alsoft-config: nothing appropriate.
amd_hdmi_compliance: nothing appropriate.
amptest: nothing appropriate.
amrnb-dec: nothing appropriate.
amrnb-enc: nothing appropriate.
amrwb-dec: nothing appropriate.
amuFormat.sh: nothing appropriate.
analyze: nothing appropriate.
andotp2john: nothing appropriate.
androidbackup2john: nothing appropriate.
androidfde2john: nothing appropriate.
angr-management: nothing appropriate.
annotate: nothing appropriate.
ansible2john: nothing appropriate.
ansible-connection: nothing appropriate.
ansible-test: nothing appropriate.
anytovcd.sh: nothing appropriate.
aomdec: nothing appropriate.
aomenc: nothing appropriate.
apex2john: nothing appropriate.
appid_detector_builder.sh: nothing appropriate.
applenotes2john: nothing appropriate.
apr-1-config: nothing appropriate.
apu-1-config: nothing appropriate.
arachni: nothing appropriate.
arachni-console: nothing appropriate.
arachni-multi: nothing appropriate.
arachni-reporter: nothing appropriate.
arachni-restore: nothing appropriate.
arachni-rest-server: nothing appropriate.
arachni-rpc: nothing appropriate.
arachni-rpcd: nothing appropriate.
arachni-rpcd-monitor: nothing appropriate.
arachni-script: nothing appropriate.
arara: nothing appropriate.
arbfplight: nothing appropriate.
arbfslight: nothing appropriate.
arbocclude: nothing appropriate.
arbocclude2: nothing appropriate.
archbuild: nothing appropriate.
archco: nothing appropriate.
archey3: nothing appropriate.
archive: nothing appropriate.
archive-cleaner: nothing appropriate.
archlinux-java: nothing appropriate.
arch-meson: nothing appropriate.
arch-nspawn: nothing appropriate.
archrelease: nothing appropriate.
argbash: nothing appropriate.
argbash-1to2: nothing appropriate.
argbash-init: nothing appropriate.
argon2: nothing appropriate.
arlatex: nothing appropriate.
artikulate: nothing appropriate.
artikulate_editor: nothing appropriate.
aruba2john: nothing appropriate.
asciiCalc: nothing appropriate.
asciidoc.py: nothing appropriate.
asciiGraph: nothing appropriate.
asciinema.sh: nothing appropriate.
asciiquarium: nothing appropriate.
asciistuff: nothing appropriate.
asciistuff2: nothing appropriate.
aserver: nothing appropriate.
aslist: nothing appropriate.
asoundconf-gtk: nothing appropriate.
assimp: nothing appropriate.
assistant: nothing appropriate.
assistant-qt4: nothing appropriate.
assistant-qt5: nothing appropriate.
asus-fan-control: nothing appropriate.
asus-fan-create-symlinks.sh: nothing appropriate.
asus-kbd-backlight: nothing appropriate.
atexec.py: nothing appropriate.
autoinst: nothing appropriate.
automat-visualize: nothing appropriate.
autopasswd: nothing appropriate.
autopsy: nothing appropriate.
autopwn: nothing appropriate.
autopwn-cli: nothing appropriate.
avahi-discover-standalone: nothing appropriate.
avinfo: nothing appropriate.
avstopam: nothing appropriate.
avtest: nothing appropriate.
axcrypt2john: nothing appropriate.
b2: nothing appropriate.
bactl: nothing appropriate.
ba-dev: nothing appropriate.
balbuzard: nothing appropriate.
balooctl: nothing appropriate.
baloo_file: nothing appropriate.
baloo_file_extractor: nothing appropriate.
baloosearch: nothing appropriate.
balooshow: nothing appropriate.
balsam: nothing appropriate.
base64conv: nothing appropriate.
bazel: nothing appropriate.
bazel-real: nothing appropriate.
bbcrack: nothing appropriate.
bbharvest: nothing appropriate.
bbtrans: nothing appropriate.
bcmfw: nothing appropriate.
bdaddr: nothing appropriate.
bdftogd: nothing appropriate.
bd_info: nothing appropriate.
bestcrypt2john: nothing appropriate.
bezier: nothing appropriate.
bg5+latex: nothing appropriate.
bg5latex: nothing appropriate.
bg5+pdflatex: nothing appropriate.
bg5pdflatex: nothing appropriate.
bgrep: nothing appropriate.
bgtask: nothing appropriate.
bingrep: nothing appropriate.
bitcoin2john: nothing appropriate.
bitlocker2john: nothing appropriate.
bitshares2john: nothing appropriate.
bitwarden2john: nothing appropriate.
bjam: nothing appropriate.
bjoentegaard: nothing appropriate.
bks2john: nothing appropriate.
blackarch64-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
blackarcharm-aarch64-build: nothing appropriate.
blackbox-scanner: nothing appropriate.
blackman: nothing appropriate.
blender-softwaregl: nothing appropriate.
blender-thumbnailer.py: nothing appropriate.
blinking-teapot: nothing appropriate.
blockchain2john: nothing appropriate.
block-rate-estim: nothing appropriate.
blood-elf: nothing appropriate.
bluedevil-sendfile: nothing appropriate.
bluedevil-wizard: nothing appropriate.
bluemoon: nothing appropriate.
bluetoothctl: nothing appropriate.
bluetooth-player: nothing appropriate.
bneptest: nothing appropriate.
bokken: nothing appropriate.
boop: nothing appropriate.
boopsniff: nothing appropriate.
boopsniff-gui: nothing appropriate.
boopstrike: nothing appropriate.
bounce: nothing appropriate.
boxdumper: nothing appropriate.
bpf_asm: nothing appropriate.
bpf_dbg: nothing appropriate.
bpf_jit_disasm: nothing appropriate.
breeze-settings5: nothing appropriate.
brick: nothing appropriate.
brotli: nothing appropriate.
brute-force: nothing appropriate.
brutemap: nothing appropriate.
brutespray: nothing appropriate.
brutessh: nothing appropriate.
brutex: nothing appropriate.
brutex-masscan: nothing appropriate.
brutexss: nothing appropriate.
bs2bconvert: nothing appropriate.
bs2bstream: nothing appropriate.
btconfig: nothing appropriate.
btgatt-client: nothing appropriate.
btgatt-server: nothing appropriate.
btinfo: nothing appropriate.
btiotest: nothing appropriate.
btmgmt: nothing appropriate.
btmon: nothing appropriate.
btpclient: nothing appropriate.
btproxy: nothing appropriate.
btsnoop: nothing appropriate.
build_filelist: nothing appropriate.
build-progress.sh: nothing appropriate.
bumblebee-bugreport: nothing appropriate.
bump: nothing appropriate.
bundle: nothing appropriate.
bundle-2.3: nothing appropriate.
bundledoc: nothing appropriate.
bundler: nothing appropriate.
bunnyducky: nothing appropriate.
bzdiff: nothing appropriate.
bzgrep: nothing appropriate.
bzmore: nothing appropriate.
bzr: nothing appropriate.
bzr-receive-pack: nothing appropriate.
bzr-upload-pack: nothing appropriate.
c: nothing appropriate.
c++: nothing appropriate.
c++-8: nothing appropriate.
c89: nothing appropriate.
c89-9: nothing appropriate.
c++-9: nothing appropriate.
c99-9: nothing appropriate.
cacaclock: nothing appropriate.
cairo-sphinx: nothing appropriate.
cairo-trace: nothing appropriate.
calc_stat: nothing appropriate.
canberra-boot: nothing appropriate.
canberra-gtk-play: nothing appropriate.
canbusutil: nothing appropriate.
cap2hccapx: nothing appropriate.
cargo: nothing appropriate.
cargo-clippy: nothing appropriate.
cargo-fmt: nothing appropriate.
cargo-fuzz: nothing appropriate.
cargo-miri: nothing appropriate.
caspol: nothing appropriate.
catchsegv: nothing appropriate.
cb: nothing appropriate.
cc: nothing appropriate.
cc-8: nothing appropriate.
cc-9: nothing appropriate.
ccache2john: nothing appropriate.
ccache-swig: nothing appropriate.
c++-copy-class-and-file: nothing appropriate.
cd-iccdump: nothing appropriate.
cef5latex: nothing appropriate.
cef5pdflatex: nothing appropriate.
ceflatex: nothing appropriate.
cefpdflatex: nothing appropriate.
cefslatex: nothing appropriate.
cefspdflatex: nothing appropriate.
cf: nothing appropriate.
cftp3: nothing appropriate.
cgc: nothing appropriate.
cgroup_event_listener: nothing appropriate.
chaosreader: nothing appropriate.
chardetect: nothing appropriate.
chardetect-py2: nothing appropriate.
cheat-sh: nothing appropriate.
checkbandwidth: nothing appropriate.
checkcites: nothing appropriate.
check_hd: nothing appropriate.
checklistings: nothing appropriate.
check-selftest: nothing appropriate.
chklref: nothing appropriate.
chmorph: nothing appropriate.
cht.sh: nothing appropriate.
cifsiostat: nothing appropriate.
c-index-test: nothing appropriate.
cisco2john: nothing appropriate.
cistopbm: nothing appropriate.
citadel: nothing appropriate.
cjk-gs-integrate: nothing appropriate.
ckeygen3: nothing appropriate.
clang++: nothing appropriate.
clang-10: nothing appropriate.
clang-apply-replacements: nothing appropriate.
clang-change-namespace: nothing appropriate.
clang-check: nothing appropriate.
clang-cl: nothing appropriate.
clang-cpp: nothing appropriate.
clangd: nothing appropriate.
clang-doc: nothing appropriate.
clang-extdef-mapping: nothing appropriate.
clang-format: nothing appropriate.
clang-import-test: nothing appropriate.
clang-include-fixer: nothing appropriate.
clang-move: nothing appropriate.
clang-offload-bundler: nothing appropriate.
clang-offload-wrapper: nothing appropriate.
clang-query: nothing appropriate.
clang-refactor: nothing appropriate.
clang-rename: nothing appropriate.
clang-reorder-fields: nothing appropriate.
clang-scan-deps: nothing appropriate.
clang-tidy: nothing appropriate.
cleanup-rules: nothing appropriate.
clear-color: nothing appropriate.
clear-fbo: nothing appropriate.
clear-fbo-scissor: nothing appropriate.
clear-fbo-tex: nothing appropriate.
clear-random: nothing appropriate.
clear-repeat: nothing appropriate.
clear-scissor: nothing appropriate.
clearspd: nothing appropriate.
clear-undefined: nothing appropriate.
clipgrab: nothing appropriate.
clippy-driver: nothing appropriate.
clit: nothing appropriate.
cllualatex: nothing appropriate.
clmake: nothing appropriate.
clmake-short: nothing appropriate.
cltest: nothing appropriate.
cluttex: nothing appropriate.
clxelatex: nothing appropriate.
cmospwd: nothing appropriate.
cmsmap: nothing appropriate.
code2color: nothing appropriate.
code-oss: nothing appropriate.
codepage: nothing appropriate.
colcon: nothing appropriate.
coloredlogs: nothing appropriate.
coloredlogs2: nothing appropriate.
colorgcc: nothing appropriate.
colorize: nothing appropriate.
colormake-short: nothing appropriate.
colorsvn: nothing appropriate.
colourpipe.ecj: nothing appropriate.
colourpipe.ecj.jar: nothing appropriate.
colourpipe.javac: nothing appropriate.
colourpipe.javac.jar: nothing appropriate.
combinator: nothing appropriate.
combinator3: nothing appropriate.
combipow: nothing appropriate.
commitpkg: nothing appropriate.
community2extra: nothing appropriate.
communityco: nothing appropriate.
communitypkg: nothing appropriate.
community-stagingpkg: nothing appropriate.
community-testingpkg: nothing appropriate.
conch3: nothing appropriate.
configure-printer: nothing appropriate.
conf.py: nothing appropriate.
conky: nothing appropriate.
conky-convert.lua: nothing appropriate.
conplay: nothing appropriate.
containerd: nothing appropriate.
containerd-shim: nothing appropriate.
containerd-shim-runc-v1: nothing appropriate.
containerd-shim-runc-v2: nothing appropriate.
containerd-stress: nothing appropriate.
context: nothing appropriate.
contextjit: nothing appropriate.
convert-dtsv0: nothing appropriate.
convertfilestopdf: nothing appropriate.
convertfilestops: nothing appropriate.
convertformat: nothing appropriate.
convert_hd: nothing appropriate.
convert-mans: nothing appropriate.
convertsegfilestopdf: nothing appropriate.
convertsegfilestops: nothing appropriate.
converttopdf: nothing appropriate.
converttops: nothing appropriate.
convolutions: nothing appropriate.
copypix: nothing appropriate.
copytex: nothing appropriate.
corrupt_mpeg2: nothing appropriate.
count: nothing appropriate.
cout: nothing appropriate.
coverage: nothing appropriate.
coverage3: nothing appropriate.
coverage-3.8: nothing appropriate.
cowpy: nothing appropriate.
cowpy2: nothing appropriate.
cowpy.bat: nothing appropriate.
cowpy.bat2: nothing appropriate.
cpp-8: nothing appropriate.
cpp-9: nothing appropriate.
cprepair: nothing appropriate.
cpufreq-bench: nothing appropriate.
cpufreq-bench_plot.sh: nothing appropriate.
cpustat: nothing appropriate.
cracf2john: nothing appropriate.
cracklib-check: nothing appropriate.
cracklib-format: nothing appropriate.
cracklib-packer: nothing appropriate.
cracklib-unpacker: nothing appropriate.
crackqcli: nothing appropriate.
create-cracklib-dict: nothing appropriate.
create-image: nothing appropriate.
create_svnignore: nothing appropriate.
createwin: nothing appropriate.
c++-rename-class-and-file: nothing appropriate.
croco-0.6-config: nothing appropriate.
crossrepomove: nothing appropriate.
crowbar: nothing appropriate.
cryptohazemultiforcer: nothing appropriate.
csc: nothing appropriate.
csi: nothing appropriate.
csplain: nothing appropriate.
csslint-0.6: nothing appropriate.
cstool: nothing appropriate.
ct3_to_ntlm: nothing appropriate.
ctanbib: nothing appropriate.
ctanify: nothing appropriate.
ctan-o-mat: nothing appropriate.
ctanupload: nothing appropriate.
ctdb_local_daemons: nothing appropriate.
ctdb_run_cluster_tests: nothing appropriate.
ctdb_run_tests: nothing appropriate.
ctr: nothing appropriate.
cubemap: nothing appropriate.
cuberender: nothing appropriate.
cudahashcat: nothing appropriate.
cuneiform: nothing appropriate.
cups-config: nothing appropriate.
curlie: nothing appropriate.
curve_keygen: nothing appropriate.
cutb: nothing appropriate.
Cutter: nothing appropriate.
cvsaddcurrentdir: nothing appropriate.
cvsaskpass: nothing appropriate.
cvsbackport: nothing appropriate.
cvsblame: nothing appropriate.
cvs-clean: nothing appropriate.
cvsforwardport: nothing appropriate.
cvsservice5: nothing appropriate.
cvsversion: nothing appropriate.
cwdiff: nothing appropriate.
cx18-ctl: nothing appropriate.
cymruwhois: nothing appropriate.
daq-modules-config: nothing appropriate.
dashlane2john: nothing appropriate.
dav1d: nothing appropriate.
db_archive: nothing appropriate.
db_checkpoint: nothing appropriate.
db_deadlock: nothing appropriate.
db_dump: nothing appropriate.
db_hotbackup: nothing appropriate.
db_load: nothing appropriate.
db_log_verify: nothing appropriate.
db_printlog: nothing appropriate.
db_recover: nothing appropriate.
db_replicate: nothing appropriate.
db_stat: nothing appropriate.
db_tuner: nothing appropriate.
db_upgrade: nothing appropriate.
db_verify: nothing appropriate.
dcomexec.py: nothing appropriate.
dcraw_emu: nothing appropriate.
dcraw_half: nothing appropriate.
ddcmon: nothing appropriate.
ddg3: nothing appropriate.
dec265: nothing appropriate.
decode-edid: nothing appropriate.
decode_tm6000: nothing appropriate.
deepsound2john: nothing appropriate.
deepspeech: nothing appropriate.
de-macro: nothing appropriate.
dep: nothing appropriate.
depythontex: nothing appropriate.
deriv: nothing appropriate.
designer: nothing appropriate.
designer-qt4: nothing appropriate.
designer-qt5: nothing appropriate.
deskey_to_ntlm: nothing appropriate.
dialog-config: nothing appropriate.
dinoshade: nothing appropriate.
dirb-gendict: nothing appropriate.
dirnamen: nothing appropriate.
disable-paste: nothing appropriate.
diskcryptor2john: nothing appropriate.
display-buttons: nothing appropriate.
display-coords: nothing appropriate.
dissolve: nothing appropriate.
distro: nothing appropriate.
distro2: nothing appropriate.
ditaa: nothing appropriate.
dlist-begin-call-end: nothing appropriate.
dlist-dangling: nothing appropriate.
dlist-degenerate: nothing appropriate.
dlist-edgeflag: nothing appropriate.
dlist-edgeflag-dangling: nothing appropriate.
dlist-flat-tri: nothing appropriate.
dlist-mat-tri: nothing appropriate.
dlist-recursive-call: nothing appropriate.
dlist_test: nothing appropriate.
dlist-tri-flat-tri: nothing appropriate.
dlist-tri-mat-tri: nothing appropriate.
dmcs: nothing appropriate.
dmenu_path: nothing appropriate.
dmenu_run: nothing appropriate.
dmg2john: nothing appropriate.
dnet-config: nothing appropriate.
dnsbrute: nothing appropriate.
dnscobra: nothing appropriate.
dnsenum: nothing appropriate.
dnseval: nothing appropriate.
dnseval.py: nothing appropriate.
dnsping: nothing appropriate.
dnsping.py: nothing appropriate.
dnsspider: nothing appropriate.
dnstraceroute: nothing appropriate.
dnstraceroute.py: nothing appropriate.
docker-compose: nothing appropriate.
docker-init: nothing appropriate.
docker-proxy: nothing appropriate.
dosepsbin: nothing appropriate.
dot_builtins: nothing appropriate.
dotenv: nothing appropriate.
dotnet: nothing appropriate.
DPAPImk2john: nothing appropriate.
dpapi.py: nothing appropriate.
dpcd_reg: nothing appropriate.
dpl4hydra.sh: nothing appropriate.
dprof2calltree: nothing appropriate.
draw2arrays: nothing appropriate.
drawarrays: nothing appropriate.
drawelements: nothing appropriate.
drawelements-large: nothing appropriate.
DRAWEXE: nothing appropriate.
DRAWEXE-7.4.0: nothing appropriate.
draw_lib_dependencies: nothing appropriate.
drawoverhead: nothing appropriate.
drawpix: nothing appropriate.
drawrange: nothing appropriate.
drone: nothing appropriate.
dtc: nothing appropriate.
dtd2rng: nothing appropriate.
dtdiff: nothing appropriate.
dtxgen: nothing appropriate.
ducktools: nothing appropriate.
dul-receive-pack: nothing appropriate.
dul-upload-pack: nothing appropriate.
dulwich: nothing appropriate.
dumpimage: nothing appropriate.
dumpmscat: nothing appropriate.
dumpsexp: nothing appropriate.
dump_syms: nothing appropriate.
dvbv5-daemon: nothing appropriate.
dviasm: nothing appropriate.
dviinfox: nothing appropriate.
dwp: nothing appropriate.
eapmd5tojohn: nothing appropriate.
easy_install: nothing appropriate.
easy_install-2.7: nothing appropriate.
easy_install-3.8: nothing appropriate.
ebtables-nft-restore: nothing appropriate.
ebtables-nft-save: nothing appropriate.
echoerr: nothing appropriate.
ecj-colour: nothing appropriate.
ecpg: nothing appropriate.
ecryptfs2john: nothing appropriate.
eddystone: nothing appropriate.
editorconfig-0.12.3: nothing appropriate.
eeprom: nothing appropriate.
eepromer: nothing appropriate.
efitool-mkusb: nothing appropriate.
efivar-tester: nothing appropriate.
eglgears_x11: nothing appropriate.
eglinfo: nothing appropriate.
eglkms: nothing appropriate.
egltri_x11: nothing appropriate.
einfo: nothing appropriate.
ejabberd2john: nothing appropriate.
electron7: nothing appropriate.
electrum2john: nothing appropriate.
elf2hex: nothing appropriate.
elisa: nothing appropriate.
enaml-compileall: nothing appropriate.
enaml-run: nothing appropriate.
enc265: nothing appropriate.
encfs2john: nothing appropriate.
enpass2john: nothing appropriate.
enum4linux: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.ash: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.bash: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.csh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.dash: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.fish: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.ksh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.mksh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.pdksh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.sh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.tcsh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.zsh: nothing appropriate.
eplain: nothing appropriate.
epstopdf: nothing appropriate.
erb-1.8: nothing appropriate.
erb-1.9: nothing appropriate.
erb-2.3: nothing appropriate.
es2gears_wayland: nothing appropriate.
es2gears_x11: nothing appropriate.
es2_info: nothing appropriate.
es2tri: nothing appropriate.
escapesrc: nothing appropriate.
escp2topbm: nothing appropriate.
esentutl.py: nothing appropriate.
espeak: nothing appropriate.
estimator_ckpt_converter: nothing appropriate.
etex: nothing appropriate.
ethereum2john: nothing appropriate.
eu-addr2line: nothing appropriate.
eu-ar: nothing appropriate.
eu-elfcmp: nothing appropriate.
eu-elfcompress: nothing appropriate.
eu-elflint: nothing appropriate.
eu-findtextrel: nothing appropriate.
eu-make-debug-archive: nothing appropriate.
eu-nm: nothing appropriate.
eu-objdump: nothing appropriate.
eu-ranlib: nothing appropriate.
eu-size: nothing appropriate.
eu-stack: nothing appropriate.
eu-strings: nothing appropriate.
eu-strip: nothing appropriate.
eu-unstrip: nothing appropriate.
evebackup: nothing appropriate.
evelauncher.sh: nothing appropriate.
event_rpcgen.py: nothing appropriate.
everegedit: nothing appropriate.
everestore: nothing appropriate.
evewine: nothing appropriate.
evewinecfg: nothing appropriate.
evewinetricks: nothing appropriate.
ewfdebug: nothing appropriate.
execstack: nothing appropriate.
exo-desktop-item-edit: nothing appropriate.
exo-preferred-applications: nothing appropriate.
expander: nothing appropriate.
exr2aces: nothing appropriate.
exrenvmap: nothing appropriate.
exrheader: nothing appropriate.
exrmakepreview: nothing appropriate.
exrmaketiled: nothing appropriate.
exrmultipart: nothing appropriate.
exrmultiview: nothing appropriate.
exrstdattr: nothing appropriate.
extra2community: nothing appropriate.
extractattr: nothing appropriate.
extrapkg: nothing appropriate.
extraterm: nothing appropriate.
extra-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
f2py: nothing appropriate.
f2py2: nothing appropriate.
f2py2.7: nothing appropriate.
f2py3: nothing appropriate.
f2py3.8: nothing appropriate.
f3brew: nothing appropriate.
f3fix: nothing appropriate.
f3probe: nothing appropriate.
f95: nothing appropriate.
fadot: nothing appropriate.
fast-import-filter: nothing appropriate.
fast-import-info: nothing appropriate.
fast-import-query: nothing appropriate.
fb_config: nothing appropriate.
fbobind: nothing appropriate.
fbo_firecube: nothing appropriate.
fbotexture: nothing appropriate.
fc-cache-32: nothing appropriate.
fc_solve_find_index_s2ints.py: nothing appropriate.
fdtdump: nothing appropriate.
fdtget: nothing appropriate.
fdtoverlay: nothing appropriate.
fdtput: nothing appropriate.
fileinfo: nothing appropriate.
filelight: nothing appropriate.
filezilla2john: nothing appropriate.
fill: nothing appropriate.
find-all-symbols: nothing appropriate.
findDelegation.py: nothing appropriate.
finddeps: nothing appropriate.
find-freecell-deal-index.py: nothing appropriate.
findhyph: nothing appropriate.
findmissingcrystal: nothing appropriate.
findssl.sh: nothing appropriate.
fire: nothing appropriate.
firefox: nothing appropriate.
fitscopy: nothing appropriate.
fiwalk: nothing appropriate.
fix-include.sh: nothing appropriate.
fixkdeincludes: nothing appropriate.
fixqt4headers.pl: nothing appropriate.
fixqt4headers.pl-qt5: nothing appropriate.
fixuifiles: nothing appropriate.
flash-var: nothing appropriate.
flask: nothing appropriate.
flask2: nothing appropriate.
flat-clip: nothing appropriate.
flex++: nothing appropriate.
fly: nothing appropriate.
fmtutil-user: nothing appropriate.
fogcoord: nothing appropriate.
fpack: nothing appropriate.
fpcalc: nothing appropriate.
fplight: nothing appropriate.
fragcoord: nothing appropriate.
fragmaster: nothing appropriate.
freecell-solver-fc-pro-range-solve: nothing appropriate.
freecell-solver-multi-thread-solve: nothing appropriate.
freerdp-proxy: nothing appropriate.
freport: nothing appropriate.
fribidi: nothing appropriate.
frisbeelite: nothing appropriate.
fslight: nothing appropriate.
fsraytrace: nothing appropriate.
fs-tri: nothing appropriate.
ftest: nothing appropriate.
ftestd: nothing appropriate.
ftp-rfc: nothing appropriate.
ftp-scanner: nothing appropriate.
function_grep.pl: nothing appropriate.
funpack: nothing appropriate.
fusermount-glusterfs: nothing appropriate.
futurize: nothing appropriate.
fuzz_option: nothing appropriate.
fw_printenv: nothing appropriate.
fw_setenv: nothing appropriate.
fzf-tmux: nothing appropriate.
g++-8: nothing appropriate.
g++-9: nothing appropriate.
gacutil2: nothing appropriate.
gapi2-codegen: nothing appropriate.
gapi2-fixup: nothing appropriate.
gapi2-parser: nothing appropriate.
gatt-service: nothing appropriate.
gawk-5.1.0: nothing appropriate.
gbklatex: nothing appropriate.
gbkpdflatex: nothing appropriate.
gcc-8: nothing appropriate.
gcc-9: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ar: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ar-8: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ar-9: nothing appropriate.
gcc-nm: nothing appropriate.
gcc-nm-8: nothing appropriate.
gcc-nm-9: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ranlib: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ranlib-8: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ranlib-9: nothing appropriate.
gconf-merge-schema: nothing appropriate.
gconf-merge-tree: nothing appropriate.
gconfpkg: nothing appropriate.
gcron.py: nothing appropriate.
gd2copypal: nothing appropriate.
gd2togif: nothing appropriate.
gd2topng: nothing appropriate.
gdcmpgif: nothing appropriate.
gdialog: nothing appropriate.
gdk-pixbuf-pixdata: nothing appropriate.
gdk-pixbuf-query-loaders-32: nothing appropriate.
gdk-pixbuf-thumbnailer: nothing appropriate.
gdparttopng: nothing appropriate.
gdtopng: nothing appropriate.
gearbox: nothing appropriate.
gears: nothing appropriate.
geartrain: nothing appropriate.
geckodriver: nothing appropriate.
geekbench: nothing appropriate.
geli2john: nothing appropriate.
gem: nothing appropriate.
gem-1.9: nothing appropriate.
gem-2.3: nothing appropriate.
gen-enc-table: nothing appropriate.
generate-rules: nothing appropriate.
genincstats: nothing appropriate.
genmipmap: nothing appropriate.
genmkvpwd: nothing appropriate.
gennorm2: nothing appropriate.
gentrigrams: nothing appropriate.
geom-outlining-130: nothing appropriate.
geom-outlining-150: nothing appropriate.
geom-sprites: nothing appropriate.
geom-stipple-lines: nothing appropriate.
geom-wide-lines: nothing appropriate.
geqn: nothing appropriate.
GetADUsers.py: nothing appropriate.
getArch.py: nothing appropriate.
get_device: nothing appropriate.
get_driver: nothing appropriate.
get_machine: nothing appropriate.
get_module: nothing appropriate.
GetNPUsers.py: nothing appropriate.
getPac.py: nothing appropriate.
getST.py: nothing appropriate.
getsysinfo: nothing appropriate.
gettext.sh: nothing appropriate.
getTGT.py: nothing appropriate.
GetUserSPNs.py: nothing appropriate.
get-versions: nothing appropriate.
gf_attach: nothing appropriate.
gfind_missing_files: nothing appropriate.
gfxbench: nothing appropriate.
ghc-pkg: nothing appropriate.
ghc-pkg-8.10.2: nothing appropriate.
gif2h5: nothing appropriate.
giftogd2: nothing appropriate.
gimagereader-qt5: nothing appropriate.
gio-querymodules-32: nothing appropriate.
git-clang-format: nothing appropriate.
git-icdiff: nothing appropriate.
git-remote-keybase: nothing appropriate.
gkbd-keyboard-display: nothing appropriate.
glav: nothing appropriate.
glava: nothing appropriate.
glewinfo: nothing appropriate.
glfsheal: nothing appropriate.
glinfo: nothing appropriate.
gloss: nothing appropriate.
glreadtest: nothing appropriate.
glslangValidator: nothing appropriate.
glsl-compile-time: nothing appropriate.
glslstateschange: nothing appropriate.
glsync: nothing appropriate.
gltestperf: nothing appropriate.
glthreads: nothing appropriate.
glue: nothing appropriate.
gluster-eventsapi: nothing appropriate.
glustereventsd: nothing appropriate.
glusterfind: nothing appropriate.
gluster-georep-sshkey: nothing appropriate.
gluster-mountbroker: nothing appropriate.
glxcontexts: nothing appropriate.
glxdemo: nothing appropriate.
glxgears: nothing appropriate.
glxgears_fbconfig: nothing appropriate.
glxgears_pixmap: nothing appropriate.
glxheads: nothing appropriate.
glxinfo: nothing appropriate.
glxpbdemo: nothing appropriate.
glxpixmap: nothing appropriate.
glxsnoop: nothing appropriate.
glxspheres64: nothing appropriate.
glxswapcontrol: nothing appropriate.
gmenudbusmenuproxy: nothing appropriate.
gmock-config.in: nothing appropriate.
gnome-help: nothing appropriate.
gnome-unstablepkg: nothing appropriate.
gnome-unstable-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
go: nothing appropriate.
gofmt: nothing appropriate.
goldenPac.py: nothing appropriate.
google-oauthlib-tool: nothing appropriate.
gpartedbin: nothing appropriate.
gpg2: nothing appropriate.
gpg2john: nothing appropriate.
gpg-error: nothing appropriate.
gpg-error-config: nothing appropriate.
gpgme-config: nothing appropriate.
gpgme-json: nothing appropriate.
gpgme-tool: nothing appropriate.
gpgscm: nothing appropriate.
gpgv2: nothing appropriate.
gphoto2-config: nothing appropriate.
gphoto2-port-config: nothing appropriate.
gr2fonttest: nothing appropriate.
gradle: nothing appropriate.
grantlee_strings_extractor.py: nothing appropriate.
gregorio: nothing appropriate.
grub-theme-creator: nothing appropriate.
gsc: nothing appropriate.
gsraytrace: nothing appropriate.
gss-client: nothing appropriate.
gssdp-device-sniffer: nothing appropriate.
gssdp-discover: nothing appropriate.
gss-server: nothing appropriate.
gst-inspect-1.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gst-launch-1.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gs-tri: nothing appropriate.
gst-stats-1.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gst-typefind-1.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gsx: nothing appropriate.
gtbl: nothing appropriate.
gtest-config.in: nothing appropriate.
gtk-builder-convert: nothing appropriate.
gtk-demo: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-check: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-depscan: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-fixxref: nothing appropriate.
gtkdocize: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-mkdb: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-mkhtml: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-mkhtml2: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-mkman: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-mkpdf: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-rebase: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-scan: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-scangobj: nothing appropriate.
gtkevemon: nothing appropriate.
gtk-query-immodules-2.0: nothing appropriate.
gtk-query-immodules-2.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gtk-query-immodules-3.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gtmp: nothing appropriate.
gts2xyz: nothing appropriate.
gtts-cli: nothing appropriate.
guild: nothing appropriate.
guile-config: nothing appropriate.
guile-snarf: nothing appropriate.
guile-tools: nothing appropriate.
gupnp-av-cp: nothing appropriate.
gupnp-network-light: nothing appropriate.
gupnp-universal-cp: nothing appropriate.
gupnp-upload: nothing appropriate.
gusbcmd: nothing appropriate.
gwenview: nothing appropriate.
gwenview_importer: nothing appropriate.
h52gif: nothing appropriate.
h5c++: nothing appropriate.
h5cc: nothing appropriate.
h5clear: nothing appropriate.
h5copy: nothing appropriate.
h5debug: nothing appropriate.
h5diff: nothing appropriate.
h5dump: nothing appropriate.
h5fc: nothing appropriate.
h5format_convert: nothing appropriate.
h5import: nothing appropriate.
h5jam: nothing appropriate.
h5ls: nothing appropriate.
h5mkgrp: nothing appropriate.
h5perf_serial: nothing appropriate.
h5redeploy: nothing appropriate.
h5repack: nothing appropriate.
h5repart: nothing appropriate.
h5stat: nothing appropriate.
h5unjam: nothing appropriate.
h5watch: nothing appropriate.
hackersh: nothing appropriate.
half_mt: nothing appropriate.
hashcat: nothing appropriate.
haxe: nothing appropriate.
haxelib: nothing appropriate.
hb-ot-shape-closure: nothing appropriate.
hb-shape: nothing appropriate.
hb-subset: nothing appropriate.
hb-view: nothing appropriate.
hccap2john: nothing appropriate.
hccapx2john: nothing appropriate.
hcieventmask: nothing appropriate.
hcisecfilter: nothing appropriate.
hcstat2gen: nothing appropriate.
hcstatgen: nothing appropriate.
hcxessidtool: nothing appropriate.
hcxhashcattool: nothing appropriate.
hcxmactool: nothing appropriate.
hcxpmkidtool: nothing appropriate.
hcxwltool: nothing appropriate.
hdrcopy: nothing appropriate.
healthd: nothing appropriate.
helpviewer2: nothing appropriate.
hex2: nothing appropriate.
hex2hcd: nothing appropriate.
hextoraw: nothing appropriate.
hexyl: nothing appropriate.
hgk: nothing appropriate.
hid2hci: nothing appropriate.
hltest: nothing appropriate.
hmaptool: nothing appropriate.
horizontal-grub: nothing appropriate.
hotshot2calltree: nothing appropriate.
hspell-i: nothing appropriate.
ht: nothing appropriate.
htcat: nothing appropriate.
htcontext: nothing appropriate.
htdigest2john: nothing appropriate.
htlatex: nothing appropriate.
htmex: nothing appropriate.
html2dic: nothing appropriate.
htmldiff: nothing appropriate.
httex: nothing appropriate.
httexi: nothing appropriate.
httpgrep: nothing appropriate.
httprint: nothing appropriate.
https: nothing appropriate.
httsquash: nothing appropriate.
htxelatex: nothing appropriate.
htxetex: nothing appropriate.
hug: nothing appropriate.
humanfriendly: nothing appropriate.
humanfriendly2: nothing appropriate.
hv_fcopy_daemon: nothing appropriate.
hv_kvp_daemon: nothing appropriate.
hv_vss_daemon: nothing appropriate.
hwasan_symbolize: nothing appropriate.
hwinfo: nothing appropriate.
hydra-wizard.sh: nothing appropriate.
i686-pc-linux-gnu-pkg-config: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-c++: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-cc: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-cpp: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-dllwrap: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-g++: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcc: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcc-10.2.0: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcc-ar: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcc-nm: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcc-ranlib: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcov: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcov-dump: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcov-tool: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gfortran: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnat: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatbind: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatchop: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatclean: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatfind: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatkr: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatlink: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatls: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatmake: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatname: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatprep: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatxref: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-ld.bfd: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-lto-dump: nothing appropriate.
i915-perf-configs: nothing appropriate.
i915-perf-control: nothing appropriate.
i915-perf-reader: nothing appropriate.
i915-perf-recorder: nothing appropriate.
ibeacon: nothing appropriate.
ibmiscanner2john: nothing appropriate.
ibus-ui-emojier-plasma: nothing appropriate.
icdiff: nothing appropriate.
iconvert: nothing appropriate.
icu-config-32: nothing appropriate.
icuinfo: nothing appropriate.
idectl: nothing appropriate.
identity: nothing appropriate.
idiag-socket-details: nothing appropriate.
idiff: nothing appropriate.
idl2wrs: nothing appropriate.
idle2: nothing appropriate.
idle3: nothing appropriate.
idle3.8: nothing appropriate.
ifmap.py: nothing appropriate.
igrep: nothing appropriate.
igt_results: nothing appropriate.
igt_resume: nothing appropriate.
igt_runner: nothing appropriate.
igt_stats: nothing appropriate.
iinfo: nothing appropriate.
ijs_client_example: nothing appropriate.
ijs_server_example: nothing appropriate.
ikdasm: nothing appropriate.
ikescan2john: nothing appropriate.
imageSynth: nothing appropriate.
imagetops: nothing appropriate.
imcopy: nothing appropriate.
img2png2: nothing appropriate.
img2py2: nothing appropriate.
img2srec: nothing appropriate.
img2xpm2: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_bumpmap: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_colorspace: nothing appropriate.
imlib2-config: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_conv: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_grab: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_load: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_poly: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_show: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_test: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_view: nothing appropriate.
includemocs: nothing appropriate.
installfont-tl: nothing appropriate.
installvst: nothing appropriate.
intel_audio_dump: nothing appropriate.
intel_backlight: nothing appropriate.
intel_bios_dumper: nothing appropriate.
intel_display_crc: nothing appropriate.
intel_display_poller: nothing appropriate.
intel_dp_compliance: nothing appropriate.
intel_dump_decode: nothing appropriate.
intel_error_decode: nothing appropriate.
intel_firmware_decode: nothing appropriate.
intel_forcewaked: nothing appropriate.
intel_framebuffer_dump: nothing appropriate.
intel_gem_info: nothing appropriate.
intel-gen4asm: nothing appropriate.
intel-gen4disasm: nothing appropriate.
intel_gpu_abrt: nothing appropriate.
intel_gpu_frequency: nothing appropriate.
intel-gpu-overlay: nothing appropriate.
intel_gpu_time: nothing appropriate.
intel_gpu_top: nothing appropriate.
intel_gtt: nothing appropriate.
intel_guc_logger: nothing appropriate.
intel_gvtg_test: nothing appropriate.
intel_infoframes: nothing appropriate.
intel_l3_parity: nothing appropriate.
intel_lid: nothing appropriate.
intel_opregion_decode: nothing appropriate.
intel_panel_fitter: nothing appropriate.
intel_perf_counters: nothing appropriate.
intel_reg: nothing appropriate.
intel_reg_checker: nothing appropriate.
intel_residency: nothing appropriate.
intel_stepping: nothing appropriate.
intel_vbt_decode: nothing appropriate.
intel_watermark: nothing appropriate.
ios7tojohn: nothing appropriate.
iostat: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-legacy: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-legacy-restore: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-legacy-save: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-nft: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-nft-restore: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-nft-save: nothing appropriate.
ipdb: nothing appropriate.
ipdb3: nothing appropriate.
ipers: nothing appropriate.
ipf-mod.pl: nothing appropriate.
ipmaddr: nothing appropriate.
iptables-legacy: nothing appropriate.
iptables-legacy-restore: nothing appropriate.
iptables-legacy-save: nothing appropriate.
iptables-nft: nothing appropriate.
iptables-nft-restore: nothing appropriate.
iptables-nft-save: nothing appropriate.
iptest: nothing appropriate.
iptest3: nothing appropriate.
iptunnel: nothing appropriate.
ipython3: nothing appropriate.
irb: nothing appropriate.
irb-1.8: nothing appropriate.
irb-1.9: nothing appropriate.
irb-2.3: nothing appropriate.
iscsi-gen-initiatorname: nothing appropriate.
iscsi_offload: nothing appropriate.
iscsi-perf: nothing appropriate.
iscsi-readcapacity16: nothing appropriate.
isempty: nothing appropriate.
isfloat: nothing appropriate.
isin: nothing appropriate.
isin_nocase: nothing appropriate.
isosurf: nothing appropriate.
ispellaff2myspell: nothing appropriate.
itunes_backup2john: nothing appropriate.
iv: nothing appropriate.
iwork2john: nothing appropriate.
jack_alias: nothing appropriate.
jack_evmon: nothing appropriate.
jack_latent_client: nothing appropriate.
jack_midi_dump: nothing appropriate.
jack_midiseq: nothing appropriate.
jack_midisine: nothing appropriate.
jack_rec: nothing appropriate.
jack_server_control: nothing appropriate.
jack_session_notify: nothing appropriate.
jack_simple_client: nothing appropriate.
jack_simple_session_client: nothing appropriate.
jack_transport_client: nothing appropriate.
jadetex: nothing appropriate.
javac-colour: nothing appropriate.
jbrute: nothing appropriate.
jemalloc-config: nothing appropriate.
jemalloc.sh: nothing appropriate.
jeprof: nothing appropriate.
jfmutil: nothing appropriate.
jira-wiki-markup: nothing appropriate.
jnetmap: nothing appropriate.
john: nothing appropriate.
johnny: nothing appropriate.
jpeg_extract: nothing appropriate.
jp.py: nothing appropriate.
js60: nothing appropriate.
js60-config: nothing appropriate.
js68: nothing appropriate.
js68-config: nothing appropriate.
json_reformat: nothing appropriate.
jsonschema: nothing appropriate.
json_verify: nothing appropriate.
jtagconsole: nothing appropriate.
juk: nothing appropriate.
jungle: nothing appropriate.
jupyter: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-bundlerextension: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-console: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-kernel: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-kernelspec: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-migrate: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-nbconvert: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-nbextension: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-notebook: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-qtconsole: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-run: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-serverextension: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-troubleshoot: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-trust: nothing appropriate.
jwtcat: nothing appropriate.
jwt-cracker: nothing appropriate.
JxrDecApp: nothing appropriate.
JxrEncApp: nothing appropriate.
kaccess: nothing appropriate.
kactivities-cli: nothing appropriate.
kaem: nothing appropriate.
kapidox_generate: nothing appropriate.
kapplymousetheme: nothing appropriate.
kapptemplate: nothing appropriate.
karmaSMB.py: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktfconsole: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktf.gui: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktfktf: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktflinker: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktfrun: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktfupdate: nothing appropriate.
kate-syntax-highlighter: nothing appropriate.
kbackup: nothing appropriate.
kbdgrab: nothing appropriate.
kbfsfuse: nothing appropriate.
kbnm: nothing appropriate.
kbroadcastnotification: nothing appropriate.
kbxutil: nothing appropriate.
kcachegrind: nothing appropriate.
kcalc: nothing appropriate.
kcharselect: nothing appropriate.
kcminit: nothing appropriate.
kcminit_startup: nothing appropriate.
kcmshell5: nothing appropriate.
kcm-touchpad-list-devices: nothing appropriate.
kcolorchooser: nothing appropriate.
kcolorschemeeditor: nothing appropriate.
kdcdump2john: nothing appropriate.
kde-add-printer: nothing appropriate.
kdebugdialog5: nothing appropriate.
kdebugsettings: nothing appropriate.
kdecp5: nothing appropriate.
kdedoc: nothing appropriate.
kde_generate_export_header: nothing appropriate.
kdeinit5_shutdown: nothing appropriate.
kdeinit5_wrapper: nothing appropriate.
kdekillall: nothing appropriate.
kdelnk2desktop.py: nothing appropriate.
kdemangen.pl: nothing appropriate.
kdemv5: nothing appropriate.
kde-open5: nothing appropriate.
kde-print-queue: nothing appropriate.
kde-systemsettings-tree.py: nothing appropriate.
kde-unstablepkg: nothing appropriate.
kde-unstable-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
kdev_dbus_socket_transformer: nothing appropriate.
kdevelop: nothing appropriate.
kdevelop!: nothing appropriate.
kdev_format_source: nothing appropriate.
kdev_includepathsconverter: nothing appropriate.
kdevplatform_shell_environment.sh: nothing appropriate.
kdf: nothing appropriate.
kdialog: nothing appropriate.
kdialog_progress_helper: nothing appropriate.
kdwsdl2cpp: nothing appropriate.
keditbookmarks: nothing appropriate.
keditfiletype5: nothing appropriate.
keepass2john: nothing appropriate.
ketcindy: nothing appropriate.
keybase: nothing appropriate.
keychain2john: nothing appropriate.
keyring2john: nothing appropriate.
keyspace: nothing appropriate.
keystore2john: nothing appropriate.
kfloppy: nothing appropriate.
kfontinst: nothing appropriate.
kfontview: nothing appropriate.
kget: nothing appropriate.
kglobalaccel5: nothing appropriate.
khelpcenter: nothing appropriate.
kiconfinder5: nothing appropriate.
kimagemapeditor: nothing appropriate.
kintercept.py: nothing appropriate.
kioclient5: nothing appropriate.
kirbi2john: nothing appropriate.
kirigami2gallery: nothing appropriate.
kiten: nothing appropriate.
kitengen: nothing appropriate.
kitenkanjibrowser: nothing appropriate.
kitenradselect: nothing appropriate.
kleopatra: nothing appropriate.
klettres: nothing appropriate.
klipper: nothing appropriate.
kmenuedit: nothing appropriate.
kmimetypefinder5: nothing appropriate.
kmix: nothing appropriate.
kmixctrl: nothing appropriate.
kmixremote: nothing appropriate.
knetattach: nothing appropriate.
knewstuff-dialog: nothing appropriate.
known_hosts2john: nothing appropriate.
kolourpaint: nothing appropriate.
kompare: nothing appropriate.
konsole: nothing appropriate.
konsoleprofile: nothing appropriate.
kopete: nothing appropriate.
kpackagelauncherqml: nothing appropriate.
kpartloader: nothing appropriate.
kplymouththemeinstaller: nothing appropriate.
kquitapp5: nothing appropriate.
krazy-licensecheck: nothing appropriate.
krb2john: nothing appropriate.
krb5-send-pr: nothing appropriate.
krdb: nothing appropriate.
krdc: nothing appropriate.
kreadconfig5: nothing appropriate.
krename: nothing appropriate.
krfb: nothing appropriate.
kruler: nothing appropriate.
krunner: nothing appropriate.
ksba-config: nothing appropriate.
kscreen-console: nothing appropriate.
kscreen-doctor: nothing appropriate.
kshell5: nothing appropriate.
ksmserver: nothing appropriate.
ksplashqml: nothing appropriate.
kstart5: nothing appropriate.
kstatsviewer: nothing appropriate.
kstool: nothing appropriate.
ksvgtopng5: nothing appropriate.
ksysguard: nothing appropriate.
ksysguardd: nothing appropriate.
ksystemlog: nothing appropriate.
ksystemstats: nothing appropriate.
kteatime: nothing appropriate.
ktelnetservice5: nothing appropriate.
ktimer: nothing appropriate.
ktmagnetdownloader: nothing appropriate.
ktorrent: nothing appropriate.
ktp-contactlist: nothing appropriate.
ktp-debugger: nothing appropriate.
ktp-dialout-ui: nothing appropriate.
ktp-log-viewer: nothing appropriate.
ktp-send-file: nothing appropriate.
ktraderclient5: nothing appropriate.
ktrash5: nothing appropriate.
ktupnptest: nothing appropriate.
kturtle: nothing appropriate.
kuiviewer: nothing appropriate.
kwallet2john: nothing appropriate.
kwalletd5: nothing appropriate.
kwalletmanager5: nothing appropriate.
kwatchgnupg: nothing appropriate.
kwave: nothing appropriate.
kwikdisk: nothing appropriate.
kwin_wayland: nothing appropriate.
kwin_x11: nothing appropriate.
kwordquiz: nothing appropriate.
kwrapper5: nothing appropriate.
kwrite: nothing appropriate.
kwriteconfig5: nothing appropriate.
l2test: nothing appropriate.
language-specific.sh: nothing appropriate.
lastpass2john: nothing appropriate.
latex2man: nothing appropriate.
latex2nemeth: nothing appropriate.
latexdef: nothing appropriate.
latexdiff: nothing appropriate.
latexdiff-vc: nothing appropriate.
latexfileversion: nothing appropriate.
latex-git-log: nothing appropriate.
latexindent: nothing appropriate.
latexmk: nothing appropriate.
latexpand: nothing appropriate.
latex-papersize: nothing appropriate.
latexrevise: nothing appropriate.
lav2avi.sh: nothing appropriate.
lavaddwav: nothing appropriate.
lavinfo: nothing appropriate.
lavtc.sh: nothing appropriate.
lconvert: nothing appropriate.
lconvert-qt4: nothing appropriate.
lconvert-qt5: nothing appropriate.
ld64.lld: nothing appropriate.
ld.bfd: nothing appropriate.
ld.gold: nothing appropriate.
ldif2john: nothing appropriate.
ldiff: nothing appropriate.
ld_iscsi.so: nothing appropriate.
ld.lld: nothing appropriate.
leet: nothing appropriate.
len: nothing appropriate.
letdown: nothing appropriate.
leviathan: nothing appropriate.
libassuan-config: nothing appropriate.
libevdev-tweak-device: nothing appropriate.
libgcrypt-config: nothing appropriate.
libglade-convert: nothing appropriate.
libgtop_daemon2: nothing appropriate.
libgtop_server2: nothing appropriate.
libieee1284_test: nothing appropriate.
libjingle-call: nothing appropriate.
libnet-config: nothing appropriate.
libpng16-config: nothing appropriate.
libpng16-config-32: nothing appropriate.
libpng-config: nothing appropriate.
libpng-config-32: nothing appropriate.
libreoffice2john: nothing appropriate.
libtar: nothing appropriate.
libusb-config: nothing appropriate.
libval-config: nothing appropriate.
lightworks: nothing appropriate.
lilv-bench: nothing appropriate.
line: nothing appropriate.
line-clip: nothing appropriate.
line-cull: nothing appropriate.
line-flat: nothing appropriate.
lineloop: nothing appropriate.
lineloop-clip: nothing appropriate.
lineloop-elts: nothing appropriate.
linenum: nothing appropriate.
line-smooth: nothing appropriate.
line-stipple-wide: nothing appropriate.
linestrip: nothing appropriate.
linestrip-clip: nothing appropriate.
linestrip-flat-stipple: nothing appropriate.
linestrip-stipple: nothing appropriate.
linestrip-stipple-wide: nothing appropriate.
line-userclip: nothing appropriate.
line-userclip-clip: nothing appropriate.
line-userclip-nop: nothing appropriate.
line-userclip-nop-clip: nothing appropriate.
line-wide: nothing appropriate.
line-xor: nothing appropriate.
linguist: nothing appropriate.
linguist-qt4: nothing appropriate.
linguist-qt5: nothing appropriate.
linktest: nothing appropriate.
linux-boot-prober: nothing appropriate.
linux-exploit-suggester: nothing appropriate.
lion2john: nothing appropriate.
lion2john-alt: nothing appropriate.
listContains: nothing appropriate.
listings-ext.sh: nothing appropriate.
lit2epub: nothing appropriate.
livewallpaper: nothing appropriate.
livewallpaper-config: nothing appropriate.
livewallpaper-indicator: nothing appropriate.
lld: nothing appropriate.
lld-link: nothing appropriate.
lli-child-target: nothing appropriate.
llvm-cat: nothing appropriate.
llvm-cfi-verify: nothing appropriate.
llvm-config32: nothing appropriate.
llvm-c-test: nothing appropriate.
llvm-cvtres: nothing appropriate.
llvm-cxxdump: nothing appropriate.
llvm-dlltool: nothing appropriate.
llvm-dwp: nothing appropriate.
llvm-elfabi: nothing appropriate.
llvm-ifs: nothing appropriate.
llvm-install-name-tool: nothing appropriate.
llvm-jitlink: nothing appropriate.
llvm-lto: nothing appropriate.
llvm-lto2: nothing appropriate.
llvm-mc: nothing appropriate.
llvm-modextract: nothing appropriate.
llvm-mt: nothing appropriate.
llvm-opt-report: nothing appropriate.
llvm-PerfectShuffle: nothing appropriate.
llvm-rc: nothing appropriate.
llvm-reduce: nothing appropriate.
llvm-rtdyld: nothing appropriate.
llvm-split: nothing appropriate.
llvm-tblgen: nothing appropriate.
llvm-undname: nothing appropriate.
llvm-xray: nothing appropriate.
locale-gen: nothing appropriate.
lodbias: nothing appropriate.
lokalize: nothing appropriate.
lollipop: nothing appropriate.
long-fixed-func: nothing appropriate.
lookandfeeltool: nothing appropriate.
lookupsid.py: nothing appropriate.
lotus2john: nothing appropriate.
lowntfs-3g: nothing appropriate.
lprodump: nothing appropriate.
lprodump-qt5: nothing appropriate.
lprsetup.sh: nothing appropriate.
lpunlock: nothing appropriate.
lrelease: nothing appropriate.
lrelease-pro: nothing appropriate.
lrelease-pro-qt5: nothing appropriate.
lrelease-qt4: nothing appropriate.
lrelease-qt5: nothing appropriate.
lscolors: nothing appropriate.
lsd: nothing appropriate.
lsdesktopf: nothing appropriate.
lsgpu: nothing appropriate.
lshwd: nothing appropriate.
lsix: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-comp-delay-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-comp-delay-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-comp-delay-x2-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-compressor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-compressor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-compressor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-compressor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-dyna-processor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-dyna-processor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-dyna-processor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-dyna-processor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-expander-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-expander-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-expander-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-expander-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-gate-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-gate-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-gate-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-gate-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x16-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x16-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x16-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x16-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x32-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x32-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x32-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x32-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-impulse-responses-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-impulse-responses-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-impulse-reverb-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-impulse-reverb-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-latency-meter: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-limiter-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-limiter-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-loud-comp-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-loud-comp-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-compressor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-compressor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-compressor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-compressor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-expander-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-expander-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-expander-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-expander-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-gate-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-gate-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-gate-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-gate-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x12: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x12-do: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x24: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x24-do: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x48: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x48-do: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-oscillator-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x16-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x16-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x16-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x16-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x32-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x32-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x32-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x32-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-phase-detector: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-profiler-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-profiler-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-room-builder-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-room-builder-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sampler-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sampler-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-compressor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-compressor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-compressor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-compressor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-dyna-processor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-dyna-processor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-dyna-processor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-dyna-processor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-expander-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-expander-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-expander-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-expander-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-gate-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-gate-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-gate-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-gate-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-limiter-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-limiter-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-compressor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-compressor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-compressor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-compressor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-expander-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-expander-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-expander-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-expander-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-gate-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-gate-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-gate-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-gate-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-slap-delay-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-slap-delay-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x1: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x12: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x16: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x2: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x4: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x8: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-surge-filter-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-surge-filter-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-trigger-midi-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-trigger-midi-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-trigger-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-trigger-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lstripstr: nothing appropriate.
lsusb.py: nothing appropriate.
lsvine: nothing appropriate.
lsx: nothing appropriate.
ltxfileinfo: nothing appropriate.
ltximg: nothing appropriate.
lua5.4: nothing appropriate.
luac5.4: nothing appropriate.
luajit-2.0.5: nothing appropriate.
luajithbtex: nothing appropriate.
luaotfload-tool: nothing appropriate.
luarocks: nothing appropriate.
luarocks-admin: nothing appropriate.
luatools: nothing appropriate.
luks2john: nothing appropriate.
lupdate: nothing appropriate.
lupdate-pro: nothing appropriate.
lupdate-pro-qt5: nothing appropriate.
lupdate-qt4: nothing appropriate.
lupdate-qt5: nothing appropriate.
lutris: nothing appropriate.
lv2bench: nothing appropriate.
lvm-cache-stats: nothing appropriate.
lwarpmk: nothing appropriate.
lw-generate-schema: nothing appropriate.
lz: nothing appropriate.
M1: nothing appropriate.
mac2john: nothing appropriate.
mac2john-alt: nothing appropriate.
mailmail3: nothing appropriate.
make4ht: nothing appropriate.
makealias: nothing appropriate.
makechrootpkg: nothing appropriate.
makedb: nothing appropriate.
makemhr: nothing appropriate.
makeobj: nothing appropriate.
maketx: nothing appropriate.
mandelbrot: nothing appropriate.
manywin: nothing appropriate.
marble: nothing appropriate.
mariadb_config: nothing appropriate.
markdown_py: nothing appropriate.
match_parens: nothing appropriate.
matteblend.flt: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_aescrypt2: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_benchmark: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_cert_app: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_cert_req: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_cert_write: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_crl_app: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_crypt_and_hash: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_dh_client: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_dh_genprime: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_dh_server: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_dtls_client: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_dtls_server: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_gen_entropy: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_generic_sum: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_gen_key: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_gen_random_ctr_drbg: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_gen_random_havege: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_hello: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_key_app: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_mini_client: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_mpi_demo: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_pem2der: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_pk_decrypt: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_pk_encrypt: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_pk_sign: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_pk_verify: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_query_compile_time_config: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_req_app: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_rsa_decrypt: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_rsa_encrypt: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_rsa_genkey: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_rsa_sign: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_rsa_verify: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_selftest: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_client1: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_client2: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_fork_server: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_mail_client: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_pthread_server: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_server: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_strerror: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_udp_proxy: nothing appropriate.
mcafee_epo2john: nothing appropriate.
mcaptest: nothing appropriate.
mcdiff: nothing appropriate.
mcomp: nothing appropriate.
mdbrebase: nothing appropriate.
mdk3: nothing appropriate.
mdump2: nothing appropriate.
mdump3: nothing appropriate.
medconforme: nothing appropriate.
media-ctl: nothing appropriate.
medimport: nothing appropriate.
melt: nothing appropriate.
mem_image: nothing appropriate.
memprof2calltree: nothing appropriate.
mesa-overlay-control.py: nothing appropriate.
mesh-cfgclient: nothing appropriate.
meshctl: nothing appropriate.
meshdebug: nothing appropriate.
mex: nothing appropriate.
mf2pt1: nothing appropriate.
mflua: nothing appropriate.
mfluajit: nothing appropriate.
mfluajit-nowin: nothing appropriate.
mflua-nowin: nothing appropriate.
mfplain: nothing appropriate.
mibcopy: nothing appropriate.
mibdump: nothing appropriate.
mictray: nothing appropriate.
mid3cp2: nothing appropriate.
mid3iconv2: nothing appropriate.
mid3v22: nothing appropriate.
mimikatz.py: nothing appropriate.
minidump: nothing appropriate.
min-nbd-client: nothing appropriate.
minuet: nothing appropriate.
mjpeg_simd_helper: nothing appropriate.
mk4ht: nothing appropriate.
mkarchiso: nothing appropriate.
mkenvimage: nothing appropriate.
mk_isdnhwdb: nothing appropriate.
mkjobtexmf: nothing appropriate.
mkl_link_tool: nothing appropriate.
mkluatexfontdb: nothing appropriate.
mklvars.sh: nothing appropriate.
mksquashfs: nothing appropriate.
mkt1font: nothing appropriate.
mkvcalcproba: nothing appropriate.
mli2: nothing appropriate.
mllatex: nothing appropriate.
mltex: nothing appropriate.
moc: nothing appropriate.
moc-qt4: nothing appropriate.
moc-qt5: nothing appropriate.
mod: nothing appropriate.
modularize: nothing appropriate.
moggsplit2: nothing appropriate.
molequeue: nothing appropriate.
monero2john: nothing appropriate.
money2john: nothing appropriate.
mongoc-stat: nothing appropriate.
mono-api-html: nothing appropriate.
mono-boehm: nothing appropriate.
monodocs2slashdoc: nothing appropriate.
mono-find-provides: nothing appropriate.
mono-find-requires: nothing appropriate.
mono-hang-watchdog: nothing appropriate.
mono-heapviz: nothing appropriate.
mono-package-runtime: nothing appropriate.
mono-sgen: nothing appropriate.
mono-test-install: nothing appropriate.
moreman: nothing appropriate.
morph: nothing appropriate.
morph3d: nothing appropriate.
mount.fuse.sshfs: nothing appropriate.
mount.ntfs: nothing appropriate.
mount.sshfs: nothing appropriate.
mount.unionfs: nothing appropriate.
mount.vmhgfs: nothing appropriate.
mouse-dpi-tool: nothing appropriate.
mousepad: nothing appropriate.
mozcerts-qt5: nothing appropriate.
mozilla2john: nothing appropriate.
mpegtranscode: nothing appropriate.
mpg123-id3dump: nothing appropriate.
mpg123-strip: nothing appropriate.
mpicalc: nothing appropriate.
mpris-proxy: nothing appropriate.
mpstat: nothing appropriate.
mptcp-fragmenter: nothing appropriate.
mptcp-scanner: nothing appropriate.
mptopdf: nothing appropriate.
mqtt_check.py: nothing appropriate.
msfconsole: nothing appropriate.
msfd: nothing appropriate.
msfdb: nothing appropriate.
msf-json-rpc.ru: nothing appropriate.
msfrpc: nothing appropriate.
msfrpcd: nothing appropriate.
msfvenom: nothing appropriate.
msf-ws.ru: nothing appropriate.
msidb: nothing appropriate.
msm: nothing appropriate.
mssqlclient.py: nothing appropriate.
mssqlinstance.py: nothing appropriate.
mtdev-test: nothing appropriate.
mtp-albumart: nothing appropriate.
mtp-albums: nothing appropriate.
mtp-connect: nothing appropriate.
mtp-delfile: nothing appropriate.
mtp-detect: nothing appropriate.
mtp-emptyfolders: nothing appropriate.
mtp-files: nothing appropriate.
mtp-filetree: nothing appropriate.
mtp-folders: nothing appropriate.
mtp-format: nothing appropriate.
mtp-getfile: nothing appropriate.
mtp-getplaylist: nothing appropriate.
mtp-hotplug: nothing appropriate.
mtp-newfolder: nothing appropriate.
mtp-newplaylist: nothing appropriate.
mtp-playlists: nothing appropriate.
mtp-reset: nothing appropriate.
mtp-sendfile: nothing appropriate.
mtp-sendtr: nothing appropriate.
mtp-thumb: nothing appropriate.
mtp-tracks: nothing appropriate.
mtp-trexist: nothing appropriate.
mtranslate: nothing appropriate.
mtxrun: nothing appropriate.
mtxrunjit: nothing appropriate.
multiarb: nothing appropriate.
multibit2john: nothing appropriate.
multiblend.flt: nothing appropriate.
multictx: nothing appropriate.
multilib-build: nothing appropriate.
multilibpkg: nothing appropriate.
multilib-staging-build: nothing appropriate.
multilib-stagingpkg: nothing appropriate.
multilib-testing-build: nothing appropriate.
multilib-testingpkg: nothing appropriate.
multinoise: nothing appropriate.
multirender_test: nothing appropriate.
multispell: nothing appropriate.
multitex: nothing appropriate.
munch: nothing appropriate.
mutagen-inspect2: nothing appropriate.
mutagen-pony2: nothing appropriate.
muxer: nothing appropriate.
mxtar: nothing appropriate.
ncb: nothing appropriate.
neko: nothing appropriate.
nekoc: nothing appropriate.
nekoml: nothing appropriate.
nekotools: nothing appropriate.
neo2john: nothing appropriate.
neovim-node-host: nothing appropriate.
netaddr2: nothing appropriate.
netconsole: nothing appropriate.
netntlm: nothing appropriate.
netreconn: nothing appropriate.
netscreen: nothing appropriate.
net-snmp-cert: nothing appropriate.
nettest: nothing appropriate.
nettle-hash: nothing appropriate.
nettle-lfib-stream: nothing appropriate.
nettle-pbkdf2: nothing appropriate.
netview.py: nothing appropriate.
network2john: nothing appropriate.
nf-ct-add: nothing appropriate.
nf-ct-events: nothing appropriate.
nf-ct-list: nothing appropriate.
nf-exp-add: nothing appropriate.
nf-exp-delete: nothing appropriate.
nf-exp-list: nothing appropriate.
nf-log: nothing appropriate.
nf-monitor: nothing appropriate.
nf-queue: nothing appropriate.
ngrok: nothing appropriate.
ninja: nothing appropriate.
nl-addr-add: nothing appropriate.
nl-addr-delete: nothing appropriate.
nl-addr-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-class-add: nothing appropriate.
nl-class-delete: nothing appropriate.
nl-class-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-cls-add: nothing appropriate.
nl-cls-delete: nothing appropriate.
nl-cls-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-fib-lookup: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-enslave: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-ifindex2name: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-name2ifindex: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-release: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-set: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-stats: nothing appropriate.
nl-list-caches: nothing appropriate.
nl-list-sockets: nothing appropriate.
nl-monitor: nothing appropriate.
nl-neigh-add: nothing appropriate.
nl-neigh-delete: nothing appropriate.
nl-neigh-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-neightbl-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-route-add: nothing appropriate.
nl-route-delete: nothing appropriate.
nl-route-get: nothing appropriate.
nl-route-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-rule-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-tctree-list: nothing appropriate.
nltk: nothing appropriate.
nl-util-addr: nothing appropriate.
nmapAnswerMachine.py: nothing appropriate.
nmtmp: nothing appropriate.
node-gyp: nothing appropriate.
noise: nothing appropriate.
noise2: nothing appropriate.
nokfw: nothing appropriate.
noncvslist: nothing appropriate.
nonsvnlist: nothing appropriate.
nosetests2: nothing appropriate.
nosetests-2.7: nothing appropriate.
nosetests3: nothing appropriate.
nosetests-3.8: nothing appropriate.
not: nothing appropriate.
notin: nothing appropriate.
notin_nocase: nothing appropriate.
npf: nothing appropriate.
npth-config: nothing appropriate.
nspr-config: nothing appropriate.
nss-config: nothing appropriate.
ntfs-read.py: nothing appropriate.
ntlmrelayx.py: nothing appropriate.
nu: nothing appropriate.
num2words: nothing appropriate.
numademo: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_core_inc: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_core_ps: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_core_sys: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_core_textview: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_binaryview: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_fetch: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_match: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_post: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_start: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_tree: nothing appropriate.
nvidia-bug-report.sh: nothing appropriate.
nvidia-cuda-mps-server: nothing appropriate.
nvidia-debugdump: nothing appropriate.
nvidia-sleep.sh: nothing appropriate.
nvidia-xrun: nothing appropriate.
nvim-qt: nothing appropriate.
obex-client-tool: nothing appropriate.
obexctl: nothing appropriate.
obex-server-tool: nothing appropriate.
obfitall: nothing appropriate.
obj2yaml: nothing appropriate.
obmm: nothing appropriate.
ociobakelut: nothing appropriate.
ociocheck: nothing appropriate.
ocrgui: nothing appropriate.
office2john: nothing appropriate.
offset: nothing appropriate.
oidnBenchmark: nothing appropriate.
oidnDenoise: nothing appropriate.
oidnTest: nothing appropriate.
oiiotool: nothing appropriate.
omfonts: nothing appropriate.
onig-config: nothing appropriate.
oobtest: nothing appropriate.
op2calltree: nothing appropriate.
opdump.py: nothing appropriate.
openal-info: nothing appropriate.
openbsd_softraid2john: nothing appropriate.
openssl-1.0: nothing appropriate.
openssl2john: nothing appropriate.
optimizegraphics: nothing appropriate.
orc-bugreport: nothing appropriate.
orcc: nothing appropriate.
ortecc: nothing appropriate.
osdemo: nothing appropriate.
osdemo16: nothing appropriate.
osdemo32: nothing appropriate.
osirrox: nothing appropriate.
oslc: nothing appropriate.
oslinfo: nothing appropriate.
os-prober: nothing appropriate.
ostinato: nothing appropriate.
ot2kpx: nothing appropriate.
pablodraw: nothing appropriate.
package_crystalsvg: nothing appropriate.
packETH: nothing appropriate.
paclist: nothing appropriate.
paclock: nothing appropriate.
paclog-pkglist: nothing appropriate.
pacman-db-upgrade: nothing appropriate.
pacscripts: nothing appropriate.
pacsearch: nothing appropriate.
padatious: nothing appropriate.
padlock2john: nothing appropriate.
pa-info: nothing appropriate.
pako: nothing appropriate.
paltex: nothing appropriate.
pamcrater: nothing appropriate.
pamexec: nothing appropriate.
pamfix: nothing appropriate.
pamfixtrunc: nothing appropriate.
pammosaicknit: nothing appropriate.
pampaintspill: nothing appropriate.
pamphletangler: nothing appropriate.
pamrecolor: nothing appropriate.
pamrubber: nothing appropriate.
pamshadedrelief: nothing appropriate.
pamsistoaglyph: nothing appropriate.
pamtoavs: nothing appropriate.
pamtompfont: nothing appropriate.
pamtooctaveimg: nothing appropriate.
pamtopam: nothing appropriate.
pamtopdbimg: nothing appropriate.
pamtopng: nothing appropriate.
pamtosrf: nothing appropriate.
pamtowinicon: nothing appropriate.
pamundice: nothing appropriate.
pamunlookup: nothing appropriate.
pamvalidate: nothing appropriate.
pamwipeout: nothing appropriate.
pango-list: nothing appropriate.
paprefs: nothing appropriate.
par2create: nothing appropriate.
par2repair: nothing appropriate.
par2verify: nothing appropriate.
parley: nothing appropriate.
parole: nothing appropriate.
parsetrigrams: nothing appropriate.
pass_gen: nothing appropriate.
pasteurize: nothing appropriate.
patator: nothing appropriate.
pavucontrol: nothing appropriate.
pbdemo: nothing appropriate.
pbibtex: nothing appropriate.
pbinfo: nothing appropriate.
pbmminkowski: nothing appropriate.
pbmtocis: nothing appropriate.
pbmtosunicon: nothing appropriate.
pcap2john: nothing appropriate.
pcprofiledump: nothing appropriate.
pdata_tools: nothing appropriate.
pdbimgtopam: nothing appropriate.
pdf2john: nothing appropriate.
pdfbook2: nothing appropriate.
pdfcrop: nothing appropriate.
pdfcsplain: nothing appropriate.
pdfjadetex: nothing appropriate.
pdfjam: nothing appropriate.
pdflatexpicscale: nothing appropriate.
pdfmex: nothing appropriate.
pdftex-quiet: nothing appropriate.
pdfxmltex: nothing appropriate.
pdfxup: nothing appropriate.
pdvitomp: nothing appropriate.
pdvitype: nothing appropriate.
peas-demo: nothing appropriate.
peco: nothing appropriate.
pedump: nothing appropriate.
peekvc: nothing appropriate.
peglgears: nothing appropriate.
pem2john: nothing appropriate.
penbox: nothing appropriate.
pentbox: nothing appropriate.
percol: nothing appropriate.
permute: nothing appropriate.
permute_exist: nothing appropriate.
petact: nothing appropriate.
peverify: nothing appropriate.
pew: nothing appropriate.
pfarrei: nothing appropriate.
pfx2john: nothing appropriate.
pgmtosbig: nothing appropriate.
pgmtost4: nothing appropriate.
pgon-mode: nothing appropriate.
pgpdisk2john: nothing appropriate.
pgpsda2john: nothing appropriate.
pgpwde2john: nothing appropriate.
phantomjs: nothing appropriate.
phononsettings: nothing appropriate.
pianoctl: nothing appropriate.
picospeaker: nothing appropriate.
pidstat: nothing appropriate.
pinentry: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-curses: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-emacs: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-gnome3: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-gtk-2: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-qt: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-tty: nothing appropriate.
ping6.py: nothing appropriate.
ping.py: nothing appropriate.
pip2.7: nothing appropriate.
pip3: nothing appropriate.
pip3.8: nothing appropriate.
pipeline: nothing appropriate.
pipenv: nothing appropriate.
pipenv-resolver: nothing appropriate.
pipewire-media-session: nothing appropriate.
pipr: nothing appropriate.
pixeltest: nothing appropriate.
pixeltool: nothing appropriate.
pixeltool-qt4: nothing appropriate.
pixeltool-qt5: nothing appropriate.
pixterm: nothing appropriate.
pkcs1-conv: nothing appropriate.
pk-example-frobnicate: nothing appropriate.
pkfix: nothing appropriate.
pkfix-helper: nothing appropriate.
pkgtop: nothing appropriate.
plasma: nothing appropriate.
plasma-discover: nothing appropriate.
plasma-discover-update: nothing appropriate.
plasma_session: nothing appropriate.
plasmashell: nothing appropriate.
plasma-shutdown: nothing appropriate.
plasma_waitforname: nothing appropriate.
plasmawindowed: nothing appropriate.
playout: nothing appropriate.
plget: nothing appropriate.
png2mng.pl: nothing appropriate.
png2pnm: nothing appropriate.
pngfix: nothing appropriate.
pngfix-32: nothing appropriate.
png-fix-itxt: nothing appropriate.
png-fix-itxt-32: nothing appropriate.
pngtogd: nothing appropriate.
pngtogd2: nothing appropriate.
pngtopam: nothing appropriate.
pnm2png: nothing appropriate.
pnmflip: nothing appropriate.
pnmmercator: nothing appropriate.
pnmquantall: nothing appropriate.
po2xmi5: nothing appropriate.
podofosign: nothing appropriate.
point: nothing appropriate.
pointblast: nothing appropriate.
point-clip: nothing appropriate.
pointcoord: nothing appropriate.
point-param: nothing appropriate.
points: nothing appropriate.
point-sprite: nothing appropriate.
point-wide: nothing appropriate.
point-wide-smooth: nothing appropriate.
polenum: nothing appropriate.
poly: nothing appropriate.
poly-flat: nothing appropriate.
poly-flat-clip: nothing appropriate.
poly-flat-unfilled-clip: nothing appropriate.
poly-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
post-grohtml: nothing appropriate.
postprocessing_benchmark: nothing appropriate.
potcheck: nothing appropriate.
pphs: nothing appropriate.
ppmcolors: nothing appropriate.
ppmtoapplevol: nothing appropriate.
ppmtoascii: nothing appropriate.
ppmtogif: nothing appropriate.
ppmtospu: nothing appropriate.
pppoe-discovery: nothing appropriate.
pprof2calltree: nothing appropriate.
pp-trace: nothing appropriate.
precat: nothing appropriate.
prefixitems: nothing appropriate.
pre-grohtml: nothing appropriate.
prepare: nothing appropriate.
prettygrub: nothing appropriate.
prettyping: nothing appropriate.
preunzip: nothing appropriate.
prezip: nothing appropriate.
primus_vk_diag: nothing appropriate.
printferr: nothing appropriate.
procs: nothing appropriate.
profile2mat.pl: nothing appropriate.
projtex: nothing appropriate.
prompt: nothing appropriate.
prosody2john: nothing appropriate.
protoc: nothing appropriate.
protoc-c: nothing appropriate.
protoc-gen-c: nothing appropriate.
protocoltojson: nothing appropriate.
proximity-sort: nothing appropriate.
proxy: nothing appropriate.
ps2ps2: nothing appropriate.
pse2john: nothing appropriate.
psexec.py: nothing appropriate.
pstat: nothing appropriate.
ps_token2john: nothing appropriate.
pstree.x11: nothing appropriate.
ptf: nothing appropriate.
ptxinfo: nothing appropriate.
pulseaudio-equalizer: nothing appropriate.
pulseaudio-equalizer-gtk: nothing appropriate.
pulseeffects: nothing appropriate.
pulsemixer: nothing appropriate.
purifyeps: nothing appropriate.
putty2john: nothing appropriate.
pvkrun: nothing appropriate.
pvtkpython: nothing appropriate.
pwhash: nothing appropriate.
pw-midiplay: nothing appropriate.
pw-midirecord: nothing appropriate.
pw-play: nothing appropriate.
pw-record: nothing appropriate.
pwsafe2john: nothing appropriate.
pwsh: nothing appropriate.
pyalacarte2: nothing appropriate.
pyalamode2: nothing appropriate.
pybabel: nothing appropriate.
pycrust2: nothing appropriate.
pydictor: nothing appropriate.
pydoc: nothing appropriate.
pydoc2: nothing appropriate.
pydoc3: nothing appropriate.
pydoc3.8: nothing appropriate.
pyew: nothing appropriate.
pyfiglet: nothing appropriate.
pyfiglet2: nothing appropriate.
pygobject-codegen-2.0: nothing appropriate.
pygtk-codegen-2.0: nothing appropriate.
pygtk-demo: nothing appropriate.
pyhtmlizer3: nothing appropriate.
pyjoke: nothing appropriate.
pyjokes: nothing appropriate.
pyjwt: nothing appropriate.
pykig.py: nothing appropriate.
pylupdate4: nothing appropriate.
pylupdate5: nothing appropriate.
pyrcc4: nothing appropriate.
pyrcc5: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-decrypt: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-decrypt2: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-encrypt: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-encrypt2: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-keygen: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-keygen2: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-priv2pub: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-priv2pub2: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-sign: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-sign2: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-verify: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-verify2: nothing appropriate.
pyshell2: nothing appropriate.
pysmt-install: nothing appropriate.
py.test: nothing appropriate.
pytest: nothing appropriate.
python2.7-config: nothing appropriate.
python2-config: nothing appropriate.
python2-pylupdate5: nothing appropriate.
python2-pyrcc5: nothing appropriate.
python2-pyuic4: nothing appropriate.
python2-pyuic5: nothing appropriate.
python3.8-config: nothing appropriate.
python3-config: nothing appropriate.
python-argcomplete-check-easy-install-script: nothing appropriate.
python-argcomplete-check-easy-install-script2: nothing appropriate.
python-argcomplete-tcsh: nothing appropriate.
python-argcomplete-tcsh2: nothing appropriate.
python-config: nothing appropriate.
pythonect: nothing appropriate.
pythontex: nothing appropriate.
pyuic4: nothing appropriate.
pyuic5: nothing appropriate.
pywrap2: nothing appropriate.
pywxrc2: nothing appropriate.
pzstd: nothing appropriate.
qcollectiongenerator: nothing appropriate.
qcollectiongenerator-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qcollectiongenerator-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qconvex: nothing appropriate.
qdbus: nothing appropriate.
qdbuscpp2xml: nothing appropriate.
qdbuscpp2xml-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qdbuscpp2xml-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qdbus-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qdbus-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qdbusviewer: nothing appropriate.
qdbusviewer-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qdbusviewer-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qdbusxml2cpp: nothing appropriate.
qdbusxml2cpp-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qdbusxml2cpp-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qdelaunay: nothing appropriate.
qdep: nothing appropriate.
qdistancefieldgenerator: nothing appropriate.
qdistancefieldgenerator-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qdoc: nothing appropriate.
qdoc3-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qdoc-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qgltf: nothing appropriate.
qhalf: nothing appropriate.
qhelpconverter-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qhelpgenerator: nothing appropriate.
qhelpgenerator-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qhelpgenerator-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qlalr: nothing appropriate.
qlalr-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmake: nothing appropriate.
qmake-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qmake-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qml: nothing appropriate.
qmlcachegen: nothing appropriate.
qmlcachegen-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmleasing: nothing appropriate.
qmleasing-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlformat: nothing appropriate.
qmlformat-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlimportscanner: nothing appropriate.
qmlimportscanner-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmllint: nothing appropriate.
qmllint-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlmin: nothing appropriate.
qmlmin-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlplugindump: nothing appropriate.
qmlplugindump-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qmlplugindump-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlpreview: nothing appropriate.
qmlpreview-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlprofiler: nothing appropriate.
qmlprofiler-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qml-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlscene: nothing appropriate.
qmlscene-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmltestrunner: nothing appropriate.
qmltestrunner-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmltyperegistrar: nothing appropriate.
qmltyperegistrar-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlviewer-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qpaeq: nothing appropriate.
qscxmlc: nothing appropriate.
qt3to4-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qtattributionsscanner: nothing appropriate.
qtattributionsscanner-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qtconfig-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qtdiag: nothing appropriate.
qtdiag-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qt-faststart: nothing appropriate.
qtpaths: nothing appropriate.
qtpaths-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qtplugininfo: nothing appropriate.
qtplugininfo-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qttracereplay-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qtwaylandscanner: nothing appropriate.
quad: nothing appropriate.
quad-clip: nothing appropriate.
quad-clip-all-vertices: nothing appropriate.
quad-clip-nearplane: nothing appropriate.
quad-degenerate: nothing appropriate.
quad-flat: nothing appropriate.
quad-offset-factor: nothing appropriate.
quad-offset-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
quad-offset-units: nothing appropriate.
quads: nothing appropriate.
quadstrip: nothing appropriate.
quadstrip-clip: nothing appropriate.
quadstrip-cont: nothing appropriate.
quadstrip-flat: nothing appropriate.
quad-tex-2d: nothing appropriate.
quad-tex-3d: nothing appropriate.
quad-tex-alpha: nothing appropriate.
quad-tex-pbo: nothing appropriate.
quad-tex-sub: nothing appropriate.
quad-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
quad-unfilled-clip: nothing appropriate.
quad-unfilled-stipple: nothing appropriate.
qvkgen: nothing appropriate.
qvkgen-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qvoronoi: nothing appropriate.
qwebengine_convert_dict: nothing appropriate.
r2r: nothing appropriate.
racc: nothing appropriate.
racc2y: nothing appropriate.
racer: nothing appropriate.
racf2john: nothing appropriate.
radius2john: nothing appropriate.
raiseChild.py: nothing appropriate.
rake: nothing appropriate.
rake-1.9: nothing appropriate.
rake-2.3: nothing appropriate.
ramsmp: nothing appropriate.
rankmirrors: nothing appropriate.
rar2john: nothing appropriate.
rasign2: nothing appropriate.
rav1e: nothing appropriate.
raw2dyna: nothing appropriate.
raw-identify: nothing appropriate.
rawtextdump: nothing appropriate.
ray: nothing appropriate.
rcc: nothing appropriate.
rcc-qt4: nothing appropriate.
rcc-qt5: nothing appropriate.
rcvboxdrv: nothing appropriate.
rd-curves: nothing appropriate.
rdesktop-vrdp: nothing appropriate.
rdmsr: nothing appropriate.
rdoc: nothing appropriate.
rdoc-1.8: nothing appropriate.
rdoc-1.9: nothing appropriate.
rdoc-2.3: nothing appropriate.
rdp_check.py: nothing appropriate.
rds-ctl: nothing appropriate.
readall: nothing appropriate.
readelf.py: nothing appropriate.
readpix: nothing appropriate.
readpixels: nothing appropriate.
readtags: nothing appropriate.
rebuildpkgs: nothing appropriate.
reconscan-recon: nothing appropriate.
reconscan-vulnscan: nothing appropriate.
refind-mkfont: nothing appropriate.
reflect: nothing appropriate.
register-python-argcomplete: nothing appropriate.
register-python-argcomplete2: nothing appropriate.
registry-read.py: nothing appropriate.
reg.py: nothing appropriate.
remaining: nothing appropriate.
remotinator: nothing appropriate.
remuxer: nothing appropriate.
renormal: nothing appropriate.
repc: nothing appropriate.
repo-elephant: nothing appropriate.
repstopdf: nothing appropriate.
req-exclude: nothing appropriate.
req-include: nothing appropriate.
reverseraider: nothing appropriate.
reviewboard-am: nothing appropriate.
rexgen2rules: nothing appropriate.
rftp: nothing appropriate.
rga: nothing appropriate.
rga-preproc: nothing appropriate.
ri-1.8: nothing appropriate.
ri-1.9: nothing appropriate.
ri-2.3: nothing appropriate.
ristretto: nothing appropriate.
rli: nothing appropriate.
rli2: nothing appropriate.
rlogin-cwd: nothing appropriate.
rls: nothing appropriate.
r-mpost: nothing appropriate.
rocs: nothing appropriate.
rootbrute: nothing appropriate.
rpcdump.py: nothing appropriate.
rpdfcrop: nothing appropriate.
r-pmpost: nothing appropriate.
rpyc_classic.py: nothing appropriate.
rpyc_registry.py: nothing appropriate.
rsfetch: nothing appropriate.
rspec: nothing appropriate.
rst2html: nothing appropriate.
rst2html4: nothing appropriate.
rst2html4.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2html5: nothing appropriate.
rst2html5.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2html.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2latex: nothing appropriate.
rst2latex.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2man: nothing appropriate.
rst2man.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2odt: nothing appropriate.
rst2odt_prepstyles: nothing appropriate.
rst2odt_prepstyles.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2odt.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2pseudoxml: nothing appropriate.
rst2pseudoxml.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2s5: nothing appropriate.
rst2s5.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2xetex: nothing appropriate.
rst2xetex.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2xml: nothing appropriate.
rst2xml.py: nothing appropriate.
rstpep2html: nothing appropriate.
rstpep2html.py: nothing appropriate.
rstripstr: nothing appropriate.
rtlfw: nothing appropriate.
rtmpsrv: nothing appropriate.
rtmpsuck: nothing appropriate.
ruby-1.8: nothing appropriate.
ruby-1.9: nothing appropriate.
ruby-2.3: nothing appropriate.
rules_optimize: nothing appropriate.
rulestack: nothing appropriate.
run_archiso: nothing appropriate.
rungs: nothing appropriate.
r-upmpost: nothing appropriate.
rustc: nothing appropriate.
rustdoc: nothing appropriate.
rustfmt: nothing appropriate.
rust-gdb: nothing appropriate.
rust-lldb: nothing appropriate.
rustscan: nothing appropriate.
rustup: nothing appropriate.
sadf: nothing appropriate.
samba_dnsupdate: nothing appropriate.
samba_kcc: nothing appropriate.
sambaPipe.py: nothing appropriate.
samba_spnupdate: nothing appropriate.
samba_upgradedns: nothing appropriate.
samplers: nothing appropriate.
samplers_array: nothing appropriate.
samrdump.py: nothing appropriate.
sancov: nothing appropriate.
sanstats: nothing appropriate.
sap2john: nothing appropriate.
sar: nothing appropriate.
sau-activate.sh: nothing appropriate.
saved_model_cli: nothing appropriate.
sbcdec: nothing appropriate.
sbcenc: nothing appropriate.
sbcinfo: nothing appropriate.
scan-view: nothing appropriate.
scapy2: nothing appropriate.
scotest: nothing appropriate.
screen-4.8.0: nothing appropriate.
scrotwm: nothing appropriate.
sddm: nothing appropriate.
sddm-greeter: nothing appropriate.
sdl2-config: nothing appropriate.
sdl-config: nothing appropriate.
sdpscanner: nothing appropriate.
searchsploit: nothing appropriate.
secretsdump.py: nothing appropriate.
sendmail: nothing appropriate.
seprule: nothing appropriate.
seq2bseq: nothing appropriate.
services.py: nothing appropriate.
sexp-conv: nothing appropriate.
sfscandiff: nothing appropriate.
sgen-grep-binprot: nothing appropriate.
sgmlspl: nothing appropriate.
shadow_sampler: nothing appropriate.
shadowtex: nothing appropriate.
sha-dump: nothing appropriate.
shape: nothing appropriate.
sharedtex: nothing appropriate.
sharedtex_mt: nothing appropriate.
sharkd: nothing appropriate.
sha-test: nothing appropriate.
shellen: nothing appropriate.
shellharden: nothing appropriate.
shellnoob: nothing appropriate.
shellpop: nothing appropriate.
shellsupport: nothing appropriate.
sherlock265: nothing appropriate.
shfsmount: nothing appropriate.
shfsumount: nothing appropriate.
shlibsign: nothing appropriate.
shodan2: nothing appropriate.
showdb: nothing appropriate.
showjournal: nothing appropriate.
showstat4: nothing appropriate.
showwal: nothing appropriate.
shtest: nothing appropriate.
signal2john: nothing appropriate.
signond: nothing appropriate.
signonpluginprocess: nothing appropriate.
signon-ui: nothing appropriate.
sim_client: nothing appropriate.
simpdftex: nothing appropriate.
simple_dcraw: nothing appropriate.
simpleexpand: nothing appropriate.
simpleindex: nothing appropriate.
simplesearch: nothing appropriate.
simplex-noise: nothing appropriate.
sim_server: nothing appropriate.
singlebuffer: nothing appropriate.
sip: nothing appropriate.
SIPdump: nothing appropriate.
sipdump2john: nothing appropriate.
sjislatex: nothing appropriate.
sjispdflatex: nothing appropriate.
skdump: nothing appropriate.
skinning: nothing appropriate.
skiptracer: nothing appropriate.
sktest: nothing appropriate.
skylighting-extract: nothing appropriate.
slencheck: nothing appropriate.
slocate: nothing appropriate.
smbclient.py: nothing appropriate.
smbexec.py: nothing appropriate.
smbgrab: nothing appropriate.
smbhunt: nothing appropriate.
smblist: nothing appropriate.
smbrelayx.py: nothing appropriate.
smbserver.py: nothing appropriate.
snap_scheduler.py: nothing appropriate.
sndfile-resample: nothing appropriate.
sniffer.py: nothing appropriate.
sniff.py: nothing appropriate.
snmpcheck: nothing appropriate.
snmppcap: nothing appropriate.
snmpping: nothing appropriate.
solid-action-desktop-gen: nothing appropriate.
solid-hardware5: nothing appropriate.
solid-power: nothing appropriate.
sortByCol: nothing appropriate.
sotruss: nothing appropriate.
soundstretch: nothing appropriate.
spacy: nothing appropriate.
spa-inspect: nothing appropriate.
spa-monitor: nothing appropriate.
sparta: nothing appropriate.
spd-conf: nothing appropriate.
spd-say: nothing appropriate.
spdsend: nothing appropriate.
spectacle: nothing appropriate.
spectex: nothing appropriate.
spectrwm-no-preload: nothing appropriate.
speech-dispatcher: nothing appropriate.
speedtest: nothing appropriate.
speedtest-cli: nothing appropriate.
sphinx-apidoc: nothing appropriate.
sphinx-autogen: nothing appropriate.
sphinx-build: nothing appropriate.
sphinx_jsgf2fsg: nothing appropriate.
sphinx-quickstart: nothing appropriate.
spike: nothing appropriate.
spike-dasm: nothing appropriate.
spirv-as: nothing appropriate.
spirv-cfg: nothing appropriate.
spirv-dis: nothing appropriate.
spirv-lesspipe.sh: nothing appropriate.
spirv-link: nothing appropriate.
spirv-opt: nothing appropriate.
spirv-reduce: nothing appropriate.
spirv-remap: nothing appropriate.
spirv-val: nothing appropriate.
splitContains: nothing appropriate.
splitimg: nothing appropriate.
splitlen: nothing appropriate.
split.py: nothing appropriate.
spriteblast: nothing appropriate.
sqldiff: nothing appropriate.
sqlmetal: nothing appropriate.
squashfuse_ll: nothing appropriate.
srch_strings: nothing appropriate.
srcredact: nothing appropriate.
srftopam: nothing appropriate.
srt-ffplay: nothing appropriate.
srt-file-transmit: nothing appropriate.
srt-live-transmit: nothing appropriate.
srt-test-file: nothing appropriate.
srt-test-live: nothing appropriate.
srt-test-multiplex: nothing appropriate.
srt-test-relay: nothing appropriate.
srt-tunnel: nothing appropriate.
ssh2john: nothing appropriate.
sslyze: nothing appropriate.
sspr2john: nothing appropriate.
st4topgm: nothing appropriate.
stagingpkg: nothing appropriate.
staging-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
staroffice2john: nothing appropriate.
startplasma-wayland: nothing appropriate.
startplasma-x11: nothing appropriate.
start-statd: nothing appropriate.
steamdeps: nothing appropriate.
steam-runtime: nothing appropriate.
step: nothing appropriate.
stex3d: nothing appropriate.
strace-graph: nothing appropriate.
strace-parser: nothing appropriate.
strip2john: nothing appropriate.
strip-bsn: nothing appropriate.
strip-bsr: nothing appropriate.
stripstr: nothing appropriate.
stunbdc: nothing appropriate.
stund: nothing appropriate.
sty2dtx: nothing appropriate.
subbrute: nothing appropriate.
substrings.pl: nothing appropriate.
sub-tex: nothing appropriate.
sunicontopnm: nothing appropriate.
svcutil: nothing appropriate.
svg-term: nothing appropriate.
svgtopam: nothing appropriate.
svnbackport: nothing appropriate.
svnbench: nothing appropriate.
svnchangesince: nothing appropriate.
svn-clean: nothing appropriate.
svnforwardport: nothing appropriate.
svnfsfs: nothing appropriate.
svngettags: nothing appropriate.
svnintegrate: nothing appropriate.
svnlastchange: nothing appropriate.
svnlastlog: nothing appropriate.
svnrevertlast: nothing appropriate.
svnversions: nothing appropriate.
swapbuffers: nothing appropriate.
swig: nothing appropriate.
sxw2txt: nothing appropriate.
symkeyutil: nothing appropriate.
syncqt.pl: nothing appropriate.
syncqt.pl-qt5: nothing appropriate.
systemd-resolve: nothing appropriate.
systemd-stdio-bridge: nothing appropriate.
systemmonitor: nothing appropriate.
systemsettings5: nothing appropriate.
t4ht: nothing appropriate.
tabulate2: nothing appropriate.
taglib-config: nothing appropriate.
tailer: nothing appropriate.
tap: nothing appropriate.
tapestat: nothing appropriate.
tappy: nothing appropriate.
tarcolor: nothing appropriate.
tastenbrett: nothing appropriate.
tcat: nothing appropriate.
tcbench: nothing appropriate.
tclsh8.6: nothing appropriate.
tdspool: nothing appropriate.
te: nothing appropriate.
teapot: nothing appropriate.
teckit_compile: nothing appropriate.
telegram2john: nothing appropriate.
temu: nothing appropriate.
tensorboard: nothing appropriate.
teq: nothing appropriate.
term_cdiff: nothing appropriate.
termcolors: nothing appropriate.
term_colortab: nothing appropriate.
term_decolor: nothing appropriate.
term_display: nothing appropriate.
terminator.wrapper: nothing appropriate.
terminus: nothing appropriate.
termios-xspike: nothing appropriate.
term_mandel: nothing appropriate.
termshark: nothing appropriate.
term_snow: nothing appropriate.
termtosvg: nothing appropriate.
terrain: nothing appropriate.
tessdemo: nothing appropriate.
tesstrain.sh: nothing appropriate.
testingpkg: nothing appropriate.
testing-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
testpkg: nothing appropriate.
testrb-1.8: nothing appropriate.
testrb-1.9: nothing appropriate.
testrender: nothing appropriate.
test-runner: nothing appropriate.
testshade: nothing appropriate.
testshade_dso: nothing appropriate.
tex4ebook: nothing appropriate.
tex4ht: nothing appropriate.
texaaline: nothing appropriate.
texconfig-dialog: nothing appropriate.
texcount: nothing appropriate.
texcyl: nothing appropriate.
texdef: nothing appropriate.
texdemo1: nothing appropriate.
texdiff: nothing appropriate.
texdirflatten: nothing appropriate.
texdoc: nothing appropriate.
texenv: nothing appropriate.
texexec: nothing appropriate.
texfot: nothing appropriate.
teximage: nothing appropriate.
texliveonfly: nothing appropriate.
texloganalyser: nothing appropriate.
texluajit: nothing appropriate.
texluajitc: nothing appropriate.
texmfstart: nothing appropriate.
texplate: nothing appropriate.
tex-quads: nothing appropriate.
texsis: nothing appropriate.
texture_from_pixmap: nothing appropriate.
textures: nothing appropriate.
tezos2john: nothing appropriate.
tflite_convert: nothing appropriate.
tf_upgrade_v2: nothing appropriate.
tgz: nothing appropriate.
thc-smartbrute: nothing appropriate.
thumbpdf: nothing appropriate.
thunderbird: nothing appropriate.
ticketConverter.py: nothing appropriate.
ticketer.py: nothing appropriate.
timed-read: nothing appropriate.
timed-run: nothing appropriate.
timelineeditor: nothing appropriate.
tjbench: nothing appropriate.
tkconch3: nothing appropriate.
tkpasswd: nothing appropriate.
tldr: nothing appropriate.
tmesis: nothing appropriate.
tmesis-dynamic: nothing appropriate.
tmon: nothing appropriate.
tmuxer: nothing appropriate.
tmux-mem-cpu-load: nothing appropriate.
toco: nothing appropriate.
toco_from_protos: nothing appropriate.
topmorph: nothing appropriate.
touchpad-disabler: nothing appropriate.
touchpad-edge-detector: nothing appropriate.
toyball: nothing appropriate.
tqdm: nothing appropriate.
tqdm2: nothing appropriate.
tracegen: nothing appropriate.
tracegen-qt5: nothing appropriate.
transist.flt: nothing appropriate.
tree-sitter: nothing appropriate.
tri: nothing appropriate.
tri-2101010: nothing appropriate.
tri-2101010-dlist: nothing appropriate.
trial3: nothing appropriate.
tri-alpha: nothing appropriate.
tri-alpha-tex: nothing appropriate.
tri-array-interleaved: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend-color: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend-max: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend-min: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend-revsub: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend-sub: nothing appropriate.
tri-clear: nothing appropriate.
tri-clip: nothing appropriate.
tri-cull: nothing appropriate.
tri-cull-both: nothing appropriate.
tri-dlist: nothing appropriate.
tri-edgeflag: nothing appropriate.
tri-edgeflag-array: nothing appropriate.
tri-edgeflag-pv: nothing appropriate.
triehash: nothing appropriate.
trifan: nothing appropriate.
trifan-flat: nothing appropriate.
trifan-flat-clip: nothing appropriate.
trifan-flat-unfilled-clip: nothing appropriate.
trifan-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
tri-fbo: nothing appropriate.
tri-fbo-tex: nothing appropriate.
tri-fbo-tex-mip: nothing appropriate.
tri-flat: nothing appropriate.
tri-flat-clip: nothing appropriate.
tri-fog: nothing appropriate.
tri-fp: nothing appropriate.
tri-fp-const-imm: nothing appropriate.
tri-lit: nothing appropriate.
tri-lit-material: nothing appropriate.
tri-logicop-none: nothing appropriate.
tri-logicop-xor: nothing appropriate.
tri-mask-tri: nothing appropriate.
tri-multitex-vbo: nothing appropriate.
tri-orig: nothing appropriate.
tri-point-line-clipped: nothing appropriate.
tri-query: nothing appropriate.
trirast: nothing appropriate.
tri-repeat: nothing appropriate.
tri-rotate: nothing appropriate.
tri-scissor-tri: nothing appropriate.
trispd: nothing appropriate.
tri-square: nothing appropriate.
tri-stencil: nothing appropriate.
tri-stipple: nothing appropriate.
tristrip: nothing appropriate.
tristrip-clip: nothing appropriate.
tristrip-flat: nothing appropriate.
tri-tex: nothing appropriate.
tri-tex-1d: nothing appropriate.
tri-tex-3d: nothing appropriate.
tri-tex-stipple: nothing appropriate.
tri-tri: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-clip: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-edgeflag: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-fog: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-point: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-smooth: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-tri: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-tri-lit: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-userclip: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-userclip-stip: nothing appropriate.
tri-userclip: nothing appropriate.
tri-viewport: nothing appropriate.
tri-z: nothing appropriate.
tri-z-9: nothing appropriate.
tri-z-clip: nothing appropriate.
tri-z-eq: nothing appropriate.
truecrypt2john: nothing appropriate.
tst_plugin: nothing appropriate.
ttf2lff: nothing appropriate.
tty2gif: nothing appropriate.
ttygif: nothing appropriate.
ttyplay: nothing appropriate.
ttyrec: nothing appropriate.
ttytime: nothing appropriate.
tunnel: nothing appropriate.
tunnel2: nothing appropriate.
twist3: nothing appropriate.
twistd3: nothing appropriate.
twoside: nothing appropriate.
type1afm: nothing appropriate.
typeoutfileinfo: nothing appropriate.
u2boat: nothing appropriate.
u2openappid: nothing appropriate.
u2spewfoo: nothing appropriate.
u2streamer: nothing appropriate.
uaf2john: nothing appropriate.
uic: nothing appropriate.
uic3-qt4: nothing appropriate.
uic-qt4: nothing appropriate.
uic-qt5: nothing appropriate.
ultrabayd: nothing appropriate.
umax_pp: nothing appropriate.
umbrello5: nothing appropriate.
unafs: nothing appropriate.
uncrustify-kf5: nothing appropriate.
undrop: nothing appropriate.
unionfsctl: nothing appropriate.
unique: nothing appropriate.
unix-lpr.sh: nothing appropriate.
unmunch: nothing appropriate.
unprocessed_raw: nothing appropriate.
unrule: nothing appropriate.
unshadow: nothing appropriate.
unsquashfs: nothing appropriate.
unterm: nothing appropriate.
untoast: nothing appropriate.
unzip-mem: nothing appropriate.
unzzip: nothing appropriate.
unzzip-big: nothing appropriate.
unzzip-mem: nothing appropriate.
unzzip-mix: nothing appropriate.
upbibtex: nothing appropriate.
update-menus: nothing appropriate.
update-pciids: nothing appropriate.
updmap-user: nothing appropriate.
updvitomp: nothing appropriate.
updvitype: nothing appropriate.
upmendex: nothing appropriate.
uriparse: nothing appropriate.
UserFeedbackConsole: nothing appropriate.
userfeedbackctl: nothing appropriate.
utf8mex: nothing appropriate.
UTscapy: nothing appropriate.
UTscapy2: nothing appropriate.
uu-base32: nothing appropriate.
uu-base64: nothing appropriate.
uu-basename: nothing appropriate.
uu-cat: nothing appropriate.
uu-chgrp: nothing appropriate.
uu-chmod: nothing appropriate.
uu-chown: nothing appropriate.
uu-chroot: nothing appropriate.
uu-cksum: nothing appropriate.
uuclient: nothing appropriate.
uu-comm: nothing appropriate.
uu-cp: nothing appropriate.
uu-cut: nothing appropriate.
uu-dircolors: nothing appropriate.
uu-dirname: nothing appropriate.
uu-du: nothing appropriate.
uu-echo: nothing appropriate.
uu-env: nothing appropriate.
uu-expand: nothing appropriate.
uu-expr: nothing appropriate.
uu-factor: nothing appropriate.
uu-false: nothing appropriate.
uu-fmt: nothing appropriate.
uu-fold: nothing appropriate.
uu-groups: nothing appropriate.
uu-hashsum: nothing appropriate.
uu-head: nothing appropriate.
uu-hostid: nothing appropriate.
uu-hostname: nothing appropriate.
uu-id: nothing appropriate.
uu-install: nothing appropriate.
uu-join: nothing appropriate.
uu-kill: nothing appropriate.
uu-link: nothing appropriate.
uu-ln: nothing appropriate.
uu-logname: nothing appropriate.
uu-ls: nothing appropriate.
uu-mkdir: nothing appropriate.
uu-mkfifo: nothing appropriate.
uu-mknod: nothing appropriate.
uu-mktemp: nothing appropriate.
uu-more: nothing appropriate.
uu-mv: nothing appropriate.
uu-nice: nothing appropriate.
uu-nl: nothing appropriate.
uu-nohup: nothing appropriate.
uu-nproc: nothing appropriate.
uu-numfmt: nothing appropriate.
uu-od: nothing appropriate.
uu-paste: nothing appropriate.
uu-pathchk: nothing appropriate.
uu-pinky: nothing appropriate.
uu-printenv: nothing appropriate.
uu-printf: nothing appropriate.
uu-ptx: nothing appropriate.
uu-pwd: nothing appropriate.
uu-readlink: nothing appropriate.
uu-realpath: nothing appropriate.
uu-relpath: nothing appropriate.
uu-rm: nothing appropriate.
uu-rmdir: nothing appropriate.
uu-seq: nothing appropriate.
uuserver: nothing appropriate.
uu-shred: nothing appropriate.
uu-shuf: nothing appropriate.
uu-sleep: nothing appropriate.
uu-sort: nothing appropriate.
uu-split: nothing appropriate.
uu-stat: nothing appropriate.
uu-stdbuf: nothing appropriate.
uu-sum: nothing appropriate.
uu-sync: nothing appropriate.
uu-tac: nothing appropriate.
uu-tail: nothing appropriate.
uu-tee: nothing appropriate.
uu-test: nothing appropriate.
uu-timeout: nothing appropriate.
uu-touch: nothing appropriate.
uu-tr: nothing appropriate.
uu-true: nothing appropriate.
uu-truncate: nothing appropriate.
uu-tsort: nothing appropriate.
uu-tty: nothing appropriate.
uu-uname: nothing appropriate.
uu-unexpand: nothing appropriate.
uu-uniq: nothing appropriate.
uu-unlink: nothing appropriate.
uu-uptime: nothing appropriate.
uu-users: nothing appropriate.
uu-wc: nothing appropriate.
uu-who: nothing appropriate.
uu-whoami: nothing appropriate.
uu-yes: nothing appropriate.
uz: nothing appropriate.
v4l2-dbg: nothing appropriate.
v4l2-sysfs-path: nothing appropriate.
vala: nothing appropriate.
vala-0.48: nothing appropriate.
vala-panel-extras-gtop: nothing appropriate.
vao_demo: nothing appropriate.
vba_extract2.py: nothing appropriate.
vbc: nothing appropriate.
vbo: nothing appropriate.
vbo-drawarrays: nothing appropriate.
vbo-drawarrays-2101010: nothing appropriate.
vbo-drawelements: nothing appropriate.
vbo-drawrange: nothing appropriate.
vbo-noninterleaved: nothing appropriate.
vbo-tri: nothing appropriate.
VBox: nothing appropriate.
vboxballoonctrl: nothing appropriate.
VBoxBalloonCtrl: nothing appropriate.
VBoxClient: nothing appropriate.
VBoxClient-all: nothing appropriate.
VBoxControl: nothing appropriate.
VBoxDRMClient: nothing appropriate.
vboxheadless: nothing appropriate.
VBoxHeadless: nothing appropriate.
vboximg-mount: nothing appropriate.
vboxmanage: nothing appropriate.
VBoxManage: nothing appropriate.
vboxreload: nothing appropriate.
vboxsdl: nothing appropriate.
VBoxSDL: nothing appropriate.
VBoxService: nothing appropriate.
vboxtool: nothing appropriate.
VBoxTunctl: nothing appropriate.
vboxwebsrv: nothing appropriate.
vdb_print: nothing appropriate.
vdi2john: nothing appropriate.
vdpauinfo: nothing appropriate.
verify-uselistorder: nothing appropriate.
vertexrate: nothing appropriate.
vert-or-frag-only: nothing appropriate.
vert-tex: nothing appropriate.
vglclient: nothing appropriate.
vglconfig: nothing appropriate.
vglconnect: nothing appropriate.
vglgenkey: nothing appropriate.
vgllogin: nothing appropriate.
vglrun: nothing appropriate.
vglserver_config: nothing appropriate.
vglxinfo: nothing appropriate.
virtinterfaced: nothing appropriate.
virtlxcd: nothing appropriate.
virtnetworkd: nothing appropriate.
virtnodedevd: nothing appropriate.
virtnwfilterd: nothing appropriate.
virtproxyd: nothing appropriate.
virtqemud: nothing appropriate.
virtsecretd: nothing appropriate.
virtstoraged: nothing appropriate.
virtualbox: nothing appropriate.
VirtualBox: nothing appropriate.
virtualenv-clone: nothing appropriate.
virtvboxd: nothing appropriate.
visualinfo: nothing appropriate.
vkconfig: nothing appropriate.
vkcube: nothing appropriate.
vkcubepp: nothing appropriate.
vkreplay: nothing appropriate.
vktrace: nothing appropriate.
vktracedump: nothing appropriate.
vktraceviewer: nothing appropriate.
vmaf_feature: nothing appropriate.
vmafossexec: nothing appropriate.
vmaf_rc: nothing appropriate.
vmhgfs-fuse: nothing appropriate.
vm-support: nothing appropriate.
vmtoolsd: nothing appropriate.
vmware-checkvm: nothing appropriate.
vmwarectrl: nothing appropriate.
vmware-hgfsclient: nothing appropriate.
vmware-namespace-cmd: nothing appropriate.
vmware-rpctool: nothing appropriate.
vmware-toolbox-cmd: nothing appropriate.
vmware-user: nothing appropriate.
vmware-user-suid-wrapper: nothing appropriate.
vmware-vmblock-fuse: nothing appropriate.
vmware-xdg-detect-de: nothing appropriate.
vmware-xferlogs: nothing appropriate.
vmx2john: nothing appropriate.
vncpcap2john: nothing appropriate.
voicechanger-tui: nothing appropriate.
vp-array: nothing appropriate.
vp-array-hf: nothing appropriate.
vp-array-int: nothing appropriate.
vp-clip: nothing appropriate.
vpl2ovp: nothing appropriate.
vpl2vpl: nothing appropriate.
vp-line-clip: nothing appropriate.
vpnc-disconnect: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-cb: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-cb-pos: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-cb-tex: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-imm: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-invariant: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-swap: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-tex: nothing appropriate.
vp-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
vpxdec: nothing appropriate.
vpxenc: nothing appropriate.
vsraytrace: nothing appropriate.
vte-2.91: nothing appropriate.
vterm-ctrl: nothing appropriate.
vterm-dump: nothing appropriate.
vtkEncodeString: nothing appropriate.
vtkParseJava: nothing appropriate.
vtkpython: nothing appropriate.
vtkWrapHierarchy: nothing appropriate.
vtkWrapJava: nothing appropriate.
vtkWrapPython: nothing appropriate.
vtkWrapPythonInit: nothing appropriate.
vulkaninfo: nothing appropriate.
waitress-serve: nothing appropriate.
wasm-ld: nothing appropriate.
wayland-scanner: nothing appropriate.
wcgrep: nothing appropriate.
weather: nothing appropriate.
WebKitWebDriver: nothing appropriate.
webpng: nothing appropriate.
wheel: nothing appropriate.
whoismac: nothing appropriate.
wifi-menu: nothing appropriate.
wincopy: nothing appropriate.
wine64: nothing appropriate.
wine64-preloader: nothing appropriate.
wine-preloader: nothing appropriate.
winicontopam: nothing appropriate.
winpopup-install: nothing appropriate.
winpopup-send: nothing appropriate.
winpos: nothing appropriate.
wiper.sh: nothing appropriate.
wires: nothing appropriate.
wish8.6: nothing appropriate.
wlangenpmk: nothing appropriate.
wlangenpmkocl: nothing appropriate.
wlanhcx2john: nothing appropriate.
wlanhcx2ssid: nothing appropriate.
wlanhcxcat: nothing appropriate.
wlanhcxinfo: nothing appropriate.
wlanjohn2hcx: nothing appropriate.
wlanpmk2hcx: nothing appropriate.
wlanwkp2hcx: nothing appropriate.
wl-clip: nothing appropriate.
wl-copy: nothing appropriate.
wl-paste: nothing appropriate.
wmd: nothing appropriate.
wmiexec.py: nothing appropriate.
wmipersist.py: nothing appropriate.
wmiquery.py: nothing appropriate.
wnckprop: nothing appropriate.
wnck-urgency-monitor: nothing appropriate.
woff2_compress: nothing appropriate.
woff2_decompress: nothing appropriate.
woff2_info: nothing appropriate.
wofm2opl: nothing appropriate.
wol-e: nothing appropriate.
wopl2ofm: nothing appropriate.
wordforms: nothing appropriate.
wordlist2hunspell: nothing appropriate.
wovf2ovp: nothing appropriate.
wovp2ovf: nothing appropriate.
wpapcap2john: nothing appropriate.
wrmsr: nothing appropriate.
wsdl2: nothing appropriate.
wsdump.py: nothing appropriate.
wx-config: nothing appropriate.
wx-config-gtk3: nothing appropriate.
wxrc: nothing appropriate.
wxrc-3.0: nothing appropriate.
x264: nothing appropriate.
x265: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-c++: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-c++-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-c++-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-g++: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-g++-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-g++-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-10.2.0: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-8.4.0: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-9.3.0: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ar: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ar-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ar-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-nm: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-nm-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-nm-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ranlib: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ranlib-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ranlib-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gfortran: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-pkg-config: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-c++: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-cc: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-cpp: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-dllwrap: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-g++: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcc: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcc-10.2.0: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcc-ar: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcc-nm: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcc-ranlib: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcov: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcov-dump: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcov-tool: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gfortran: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnat: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatbind: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatchop: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatclean: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatfind: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatkr: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatlink: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatls: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatmake: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatname: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatprep: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatxref: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-ld.bfd: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-lto-dump: nothing appropriate.
xdg-dbus-proxy: nothing appropriate.
xdg_menu: nothing appropriate.
xdg_menu_su: nothing appropriate.
xdg-user-dirs-gtk-update: nothing appropriate.
xdot2: nothing appropriate.
xdvi-xaw: nothing appropriate.
xeglgears: nothing appropriate.
xeglthreads: nothing appropriate.
xembedsniproxy: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-about: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-appfinder: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-clipman: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-clipman-history: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-clipman-settings: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-kiosk-query: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-notes: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-notes-settings: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-panel: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-pm-helper: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-applicationsmenu: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-clipman: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-clipman-actions: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-directorymenu: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-notes: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-windowmenu: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-screensaver-configure: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-taskmanager: nothing appropriate.
xfconf-query: nothing appropriate.
xfont: nothing appropriate.
xfpm-power-backlight-helper: nothing appropriate.
xfrun4: nothing appropriate.
xfwm4: nothing appropriate.
xfwm4-settings: nothing appropriate.
xfwm4-tweaks-settings: nothing appropriate.
xfwm4-workspace-settings: nothing appropriate.
xglyph: nothing appropriate.
xhlatex: nothing appropriate.
xindex: nothing appropriate.
xindy.run: nothing appropriate.
xinitrcsession-helper: nothing appropriate.
xmdump2: nothing appropriate.
xmdump3: nothing appropriate.
xmi2pot5: nothing appropriate.
xmlpatterns: nothing appropriate.
xmlpatterns-qt4: nothing appropriate.
xmlpatternsvalidator: nothing appropriate.
xmlpatternsvalidator-qt4: nothing appropriate.
xmltex: nothing appropriate.
xmlwf: nothing appropriate.
xpstat: nothing appropriate.
xq: nothing appropriate.
xrced2: nothing appropriate.
xrotfontdemo: nothing appropriate.
xslt-config: nothing appropriate.
Xspice: nothing appropriate.
xspike: nothing appropriate.
xtables-legacy-multi: nothing appropriate.
xtables-nft-multi: nothing appropriate.
xtermcolor: nothing appropriate.
xtermcolor2: nothing appropriate.
xtrace: nothing appropriate.
xtractprotos: nothing appropriate.
Xwayland: nothing appropriate.
y2racc: nothing appropriate.
y4mblack: nothing appropriate.
y4mhist: nothing appropriate.
y4minterlace: nothing appropriate.
y4mivtc: nothing appropriate.
y4mshift: nothing appropriate.
y4mspatialfilter: nothing appropriate.
y4mstabilizer: nothing appropriate.
y4mtoyuv: nothing appropriate.
yaft_wall: nothing appropriate.
yakuake: nothing appropriate.
yaml2obj: nothing appropriate.
yaml-bench: nothing appropriate.
yank: nothing appropriate.
yarn: nothing appropriate.
yarnpkg: nothing appropriate.
yasca: nothing appropriate.
yat2m: nothing appropriate.
yelp: nothing appropriate.
ypipe: nothing appropriate.
yq: nothing appropriate.
yuvcorrect: nothing appropriate.
yuvcorrect_tune: nothing appropriate.
yuvdeinterlace: nothing appropriate.
yuv-distortion: nothing appropriate.
yuy2topam: nothing appropriate.
yuyvtoy4m: nothing appropriate.
z3: nothing appropriate.
zbarcam-gtk: nothing appropriate.
zbarcam-qt: nothing appropriate.
zegrep: nothing appropriate.
zfgrep: nothing appropriate.
zip2john: nothing appropriate.
zoom: nothing appropriate.
zsh-5.8: nothing appropriate.
zstdmt: nothing appropriate.
zzcat: nothing appropriate.
zzdir: nothing appropriate.
zzxorcat: nothing appropriate.
zzxorcopy: nothing appropriate.
zzxordir: nothing appropriate.
[: nothing appropriate.
1password2john: nothing appropriate.
2to3: nothing appropriate.
2to3-2.7: nothing appropriate.
2to3-3.8: nothing appropriate.
4channels: nothing appropriate.
7z2john: nothing appropriate.
a2ping: nothing appropriate.
a2x.py: nothing appropriate.
a5toa4: nothing appropriate.
aalib-config: nothing appropriate.
abcconvert: nothing appropriate.
abcdiff: nothing appropriate.
abcecho: nothing appropriate.
abcechobounds: nothing appropriate.
abcls: nothing appropriate.
abcstitcher: nothing appropriate.
abctree: nothing appropriate.
acceleration_speed: nothing appropriate.
acol: nothing appropriate.
activate-global-python-argcomplete: nothing appropriate.
activate-global-python-argcomplete2: nothing appropriate.
addcomputer.py: nothing appropriate.
adhocfilelist: nothing appropriate.
advtest: nothing appropriate.
adxcsouf2john: nothing appropriate.
aem2john: nothing appropriate.
aeson-pretty: nothing appropriate.
affixcompress: nothing appropriate.
afm2afm: nothing appropriate.
afpfs: nothing appropriate.
against: nothing appropriate.
ag-backup: nothing appropriate.
aggregate_profile.pl: nothing appropriate.
ag-tool: nothing appropriate.
aiodnsbrute: nothing appropriate.
air: nothing appropriate.
air-counter: nothing appropriate.
airoscript-ng: nothing appropriate.
aix2john: nothing appropriate.
alsabat-test.sh: nothing appropriate.
alsa_delay: nothing appropriate.
alsa_loopback: nothing appropriate.
alsoft-config: nothing appropriate.
amd_hdmi_compliance: nothing appropriate.
amptest: nothing appropriate.
amrnb-dec: nothing appropriate.
amrnb-enc: nothing appropriate.
amrwb-dec: nothing appropriate.
amuFormat.sh: nothing appropriate.
analyze: nothing appropriate.
andotp2john: nothing appropriate.
androidbackup2john: nothing appropriate.
androidfde2john: nothing appropriate.
angr-management: nothing appropriate.
annotate: nothing appropriate.
ansible2john: nothing appropriate.
ansible-connection: nothing appropriate.
ansible-test: nothing appropriate.
anytovcd.sh: nothing appropriate.
aomdec: nothing appropriate.
aomenc: nothing appropriate.
apex2john: nothing appropriate.
appid_detector_builder.sh: nothing appropriate.
applenotes2john: nothing appropriate.
apr-1-config: nothing appropriate.
apu-1-config: nothing appropriate.
arachni: nothing appropriate.
arachni-console: nothing appropriate.
arachni-multi: nothing appropriate.
arachni-reporter: nothing appropriate.
arachni-restore: nothing appropriate.
arachni-rest-server: nothing appropriate.
arachni-rpc: nothing appropriate.
arachni-rpcd: nothing appropriate.
arachni-rpcd-monitor: nothing appropriate.
arachni-script: nothing appropriate.
arara: nothing appropriate.
arbfplight: nothing appropriate.
arbfslight: nothing appropriate.
arbocclude: nothing appropriate.
arbocclude2: nothing appropriate.
archbuild: nothing appropriate.
archco: nothing appropriate.
archey3: nothing appropriate.
archive: nothing appropriate.
archive-cleaner: nothing appropriate.
archlinux-java: nothing appropriate.
arch-meson: nothing appropriate.
arch-nspawn: nothing appropriate.
archrelease: nothing appropriate.
argbash: nothing appropriate.
argbash-1to2: nothing appropriate.
argbash-init: nothing appropriate.
argon2: nothing appropriate.
arlatex: nothing appropriate.
artikulate: nothing appropriate.
artikulate_editor: nothing appropriate.
aruba2john: nothing appropriate.
asciiCalc: nothing appropriate.
asciidoc.py: nothing appropriate.
asciiGraph: nothing appropriate.
asciinema.sh: nothing appropriate.
asciiquarium: nothing appropriate.
asciistuff: nothing appropriate.
asciistuff2: nothing appropriate.
aserver: nothing appropriate.
aslist: nothing appropriate.
asoundconf-gtk: nothing appropriate.
assimp: nothing appropriate.
assistant: nothing appropriate.
assistant-qt4: nothing appropriate.
assistant-qt5: nothing appropriate.
asus-fan-control: nothing appropriate.
asus-fan-create-symlinks.sh: nothing appropriate.
asus-kbd-backlight: nothing appropriate.
atexec.py: nothing appropriate.
autoinst: nothing appropriate.
automat-visualize: nothing appropriate.
autopasswd: nothing appropriate.
autopsy: nothing appropriate.
autopwn: nothing appropriate.
autopwn-cli: nothing appropriate.
avahi-discover-standalone: nothing appropriate.
avinfo: nothing appropriate.
avstopam: nothing appropriate.
avtest: nothing appropriate.
axcrypt2john: nothing appropriate.
b2: nothing appropriate.
bactl: nothing appropriate.
ba-dev: nothing appropriate.
balbuzard: nothing appropriate.
balooctl: nothing appropriate.
baloo_file: nothing appropriate.
baloo_file_extractor: nothing appropriate.
baloosearch: nothing appropriate.
balooshow: nothing appropriate.
balsam: nothing appropriate.
base64conv: nothing appropriate.
bazel: nothing appropriate.
bazel-real: nothing appropriate.
bbcrack: nothing appropriate.
bbharvest: nothing appropriate.
bbtrans: nothing appropriate.
bcmfw: nothing appropriate.
bdaddr: nothing appropriate.
bdftogd: nothing appropriate.
bd_info: nothing appropriate.
bestcrypt2john: nothing appropriate.
bezier: nothing appropriate.
bg5+latex: nothing appropriate.
bg5latex: nothing appropriate.
bg5+pdflatex: nothing appropriate.
bg5pdflatex: nothing appropriate.
bgrep: nothing appropriate.
bgtask: nothing appropriate.
bingrep: nothing appropriate.
bitcoin2john: nothing appropriate.
bitlocker2john: nothing appropriate.
bitshares2john: nothing appropriate.
bitwarden2john: nothing appropriate.
bjam: nothing appropriate.
bjoentegaard: nothing appropriate.
bks2john: nothing appropriate.
blackarch64-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
blackarcharm-aarch64-build: nothing appropriate.
blackbox-scanner: nothing appropriate.
blackman: nothing appropriate.
blender-softwaregl: nothing appropriate.
blender-thumbnailer.py: nothing appropriate.
blinking-teapot: nothing appropriate.
blockchain2john: nothing appropriate.
block-rate-estim: nothing appropriate.
blood-elf: nothing appropriate.
bluedevil-sendfile: nothing appropriate.
bluedevil-wizard: nothing appropriate.
bluemoon: nothing appropriate.
bluetoothctl: nothing appropriate.
bluetooth-player: nothing appropriate.
bneptest: nothing appropriate.
bokken: nothing appropriate.
boop: nothing appropriate.
boopsniff: nothing appropriate.
boopsniff-gui: nothing appropriate.
boopstrike: nothing appropriate.
bounce: nothing appropriate.
boxdumper: nothing appropriate.
bpf_asm: nothing appropriate.
bpf_dbg: nothing appropriate.
bpf_jit_disasm: nothing appropriate.
breeze-settings5: nothing appropriate.
brick: nothing appropriate.
brotli: nothing appropriate.
brute-force: nothing appropriate.
brutemap: nothing appropriate.
brutespray: nothing appropriate.
brutessh: nothing appropriate.
brutex: nothing appropriate.
brutex-masscan: nothing appropriate.
brutexss: nothing appropriate.
bs2bconvert: nothing appropriate.
bs2bstream: nothing appropriate.
btconfig: nothing appropriate.
btgatt-client: nothing appropriate.
btgatt-server: nothing appropriate.
btinfo: nothing appropriate.
btiotest: nothing appropriate.
btmgmt: nothing appropriate.
btmon: nothing appropriate.
btpclient: nothing appropriate.
btproxy: nothing appropriate.
btsnoop: nothing appropriate.
build_filelist: nothing appropriate.
build-progress.sh: nothing appropriate.
bumblebee-bugreport: nothing appropriate.
bump: nothing appropriate.
bundle: nothing appropriate.
bundle-2.3: nothing appropriate.
bundledoc: nothing appropriate.
bundler: nothing appropriate.
bunnyducky: nothing appropriate.
bzdiff: nothing appropriate.
bzgrep: nothing appropriate.
bzmore: nothing appropriate.
bzr: nothing appropriate.
bzr-receive-pack: nothing appropriate.
bzr-upload-pack: nothing appropriate.
c: nothing appropriate.
c++: nothing appropriate.
c++-8: nothing appropriate.
c89: nothing appropriate.
c89-9: nothing appropriate.
c++-9: nothing appropriate.
c99-9: nothing appropriate.
cacaclock: nothing appropriate.
cairo-sphinx: nothing appropriate.
cairo-trace: nothing appropriate.
calc_stat: nothing appropriate.
canberra-boot: nothing appropriate.
canberra-gtk-play: nothing appropriate.
canbusutil: nothing appropriate.
cap2hccapx: nothing appropriate.
cargo: nothing appropriate.
cargo-clippy: nothing appropriate.
cargo-fmt: nothing appropriate.
cargo-fuzz: nothing appropriate.
cargo-miri: nothing appropriate.
caspol: nothing appropriate.
catchsegv: nothing appropriate.
cb: nothing appropriate.
cc: nothing appropriate.
cc-8: nothing appropriate.
cc-9: nothing appropriate.
ccache2john: nothing appropriate.
ccache-swig: nothing appropriate.
c++-copy-class-and-file: nothing appropriate.
cd-iccdump: nothing appropriate.
cef5latex: nothing appropriate.
cef5pdflatex: nothing appropriate.
ceflatex: nothing appropriate.
cefpdflatex: nothing appropriate.
cefslatex: nothing appropriate.
cefspdflatex: nothing appropriate.
cf: nothing appropriate.
cftp3: nothing appropriate.
cgc: nothing appropriate.
cgroup_event_listener: nothing appropriate.
chaosreader: nothing appropriate.
chardetect: nothing appropriate.
chardetect-py2: nothing appropriate.
cheat-sh: nothing appropriate.
checkbandwidth: nothing appropriate.
checkcites: nothing appropriate.
check_hd: nothing appropriate.
checklistings: nothing appropriate.
check-selftest: nothing appropriate.
chklref: nothing appropriate.
chmorph: nothing appropriate.
cht.sh: nothing appropriate.
cifsiostat: nothing appropriate.
c-index-test: nothing appropriate.
cisco2john: nothing appropriate.
cistopbm: nothing appropriate.
citadel: nothing appropriate.
cjk-gs-integrate: nothing appropriate.
ckeygen3: nothing appropriate.
clang++: nothing appropriate.
clang-10: nothing appropriate.
clang-apply-replacements: nothing appropriate.
clang-change-namespace: nothing appropriate.
clang-check: nothing appropriate.
clang-cl: nothing appropriate.
clang-cpp: nothing appropriate.
clangd: nothing appropriate.
clang-doc: nothing appropriate.
clang-extdef-mapping: nothing appropriate.
clang-format: nothing appropriate.
clang-import-test: nothing appropriate.
clang-include-fixer: nothing appropriate.
clang-move: nothing appropriate.
clang-offload-bundler: nothing appropriate.
clang-offload-wrapper: nothing appropriate.
clang-query: nothing appropriate.
clang-refactor: nothing appropriate.
clang-rename: nothing appropriate.
clang-reorder-fields: nothing appropriate.
clang-scan-deps: nothing appropriate.
clang-tidy: nothing appropriate.
cleanup-rules: nothing appropriate.
clear-color: nothing appropriate.
clear-fbo: nothing appropriate.
clear-fbo-scissor: nothing appropriate.
clear-fbo-tex: nothing appropriate.
clear-random: nothing appropriate.
clear-repeat: nothing appropriate.
clear-scissor: nothing appropriate.
clearspd: nothing appropriate.
clear-undefined: nothing appropriate.
clipgrab: nothing appropriate.
clippy-driver: nothing appropriate.
clit: nothing appropriate.
cllualatex: nothing appropriate.
clmake: nothing appropriate.
clmake-short: nothing appropriate.
cltest: nothing appropriate.
cluttex: nothing appropriate.
clxelatex: nothing appropriate.
cmospwd: nothing appropriate.
cmsmap: nothing appropriate.
code2color: nothing appropriate.
code-oss: nothing appropriate.
codepage: nothing appropriate.
colcon: nothing appropriate.
coloredlogs: nothing appropriate.
coloredlogs2: nothing appropriate.
colorgcc: nothing appropriate.
colorize: nothing appropriate.
colormake-short: nothing appropriate.
colorsvn: nothing appropriate.
colourpipe.ecj: nothing appropriate.
colourpipe.ecj.jar: nothing appropriate.
colourpipe.javac: nothing appropriate.
colourpipe.javac.jar: nothing appropriate.
combinator: nothing appropriate.
combinator3: nothing appropriate.
combipow: nothing appropriate.
commitpkg: nothing appropriate.
community2extra: nothing appropriate.
communityco: nothing appropriate.
communitypkg: nothing appropriate.
community-stagingpkg: nothing appropriate.
community-testingpkg: nothing appropriate.
conch3: nothing appropriate.
configure-printer: nothing appropriate.
conf.py: nothing appropriate.
conky: nothing appropriate.
conky-convert.lua: nothing appropriate.
conplay: nothing appropriate.
containerd: nothing appropriate.
containerd-shim: nothing appropriate.
containerd-shim-runc-v1: nothing appropriate.
containerd-shim-runc-v2: nothing appropriate.
containerd-stress: nothing appropriate.
context: nothing appropriate.
contextjit: nothing appropriate.
convert-dtsv0: nothing appropriate.
convertfilestopdf: nothing appropriate.
convertfilestops: nothing appropriate.
convertformat: nothing appropriate.
convert_hd: nothing appropriate.
convert-mans: nothing appropriate.
convertsegfilestopdf: nothing appropriate.
convertsegfilestops: nothing appropriate.
converttopdf: nothing appropriate.
converttops: nothing appropriate.
convolutions: nothing appropriate.
copypix: nothing appropriate.
copytex: nothing appropriate.
corrupt_mpeg2: nothing appropriate.
count: nothing appropriate.
cout: nothing appropriate.
coverage: nothing appropriate.
coverage3: nothing appropriate.
coverage-3.8: nothing appropriate.
cowpy: nothing appropriate.
cowpy2: nothing appropriate.
cowpy.bat: nothing appropriate.
cowpy.bat2: nothing appropriate.
cpp-8: nothing appropriate.
cpp-9: nothing appropriate.
cprepair: nothing appropriate.
cpufreq-bench: nothing appropriate.
cpufreq-bench_plot.sh: nothing appropriate.
cpustat: nothing appropriate.
cracf2john: nothing appropriate.
cracklib-check: nothing appropriate.
cracklib-format: nothing appropriate.
cracklib-packer: nothing appropriate.
cracklib-unpacker: nothing appropriate.
crackqcli: nothing appropriate.
create-cracklib-dict: nothing appropriate.
create-image: nothing appropriate.
create_svnignore: nothing appropriate.
createwin: nothing appropriate.
c++-rename-class-and-file: nothing appropriate.
croco-0.6-config: nothing appropriate.
crossrepomove: nothing appropriate.
crowbar: nothing appropriate.
cryptohazemultiforcer: nothing appropriate.
csc: nothing appropriate.
csi: nothing appropriate.
csplain: nothing appropriate.
csslint-0.6: nothing appropriate.
cstool: nothing appropriate.
ct3_to_ntlm: nothing appropriate.
ctanbib: nothing appropriate.
ctanify: nothing appropriate.
ctan-o-mat: nothing appropriate.
ctanupload: nothing appropriate.
ctdb_local_daemons: nothing appropriate.
ctdb_run_cluster_tests: nothing appropriate.
ctdb_run_tests: nothing appropriate.
ctr: nothing appropriate.
cubemap: nothing appropriate.
cuberender: nothing appropriate.
cudahashcat: nothing appropriate.
cuneiform: nothing appropriate.
cups-config: nothing appropriate.
curlie: nothing appropriate.
curve_keygen: nothing appropriate.
cutb: nothing appropriate.
Cutter: nothing appropriate.
cvsaddcurrentdir: nothing appropriate.
cvsaskpass: nothing appropriate.
cvsbackport: nothing appropriate.
cvsblame: nothing appropriate.
cvs-clean: nothing appropriate.
cvsforwardport: nothing appropriate.
cvsservice5: nothing appropriate.
cvsversion: nothing appropriate.
cwdiff: nothing appropriate.
cx18-ctl: nothing appropriate.
cymruwhois: nothing appropriate.
daq-modules-config: nothing appropriate.
dashlane2john: nothing appropriate.
dav1d: nothing appropriate.
db_archive: nothing appropriate.
db_checkpoint: nothing appropriate.
db_deadlock: nothing appropriate.
db_dump: nothing appropriate.
db_hotbackup: nothing appropriate.
db_load: nothing appropriate.
db_log_verify: nothing appropriate.
db_printlog: nothing appropriate.
db_recover: nothing appropriate.
db_replicate: nothing appropriate.
db_stat: nothing appropriate.
db_tuner: nothing appropriate.
db_upgrade: nothing appropriate.
db_verify: nothing appropriate.
dcomexec.py: nothing appropriate.
dcraw_emu: nothing appropriate.
dcraw_half: nothing appropriate.
ddcmon: nothing appropriate.
ddg3: nothing appropriate.
dec265: nothing appropriate.
decode-edid: nothing appropriate.
decode_tm6000: nothing appropriate.
deepsound2john: nothing appropriate.
deepspeech: nothing appropriate.
de-macro: nothing appropriate.
dep: nothing appropriate.
depythontex: nothing appropriate.
deriv: nothing appropriate.
designer: nothing appropriate.
designer-qt4: nothing appropriate.
designer-qt5: nothing appropriate.
deskey_to_ntlm: nothing appropriate.
dialog-config: nothing appropriate.
dinoshade: nothing appropriate.
dirb-gendict: nothing appropriate.
dirnamen: nothing appropriate.
disable-paste: nothing appropriate.
diskcryptor2john: nothing appropriate.
display-buttons: nothing appropriate.
display-coords: nothing appropriate.
dissolve: nothing appropriate.
distro: nothing appropriate.
distro2: nothing appropriate.
ditaa: nothing appropriate.
dlist-begin-call-end: nothing appropriate.
dlist-dangling: nothing appropriate.
dlist-degenerate: nothing appropriate.
dlist-edgeflag: nothing appropriate.
dlist-edgeflag-dangling: nothing appropriate.
dlist-flat-tri: nothing appropriate.
dlist-mat-tri: nothing appropriate.
dlist-recursive-call: nothing appropriate.
dlist_test: nothing appropriate.
dlist-tri-flat-tri: nothing appropriate.
dlist-tri-mat-tri: nothing appropriate.
dmcs: nothing appropriate.
dmenu_path: nothing appropriate.
dmenu_run: nothing appropriate.
dmg2john: nothing appropriate.
dnet-config: nothing appropriate.
dnsbrute: nothing appropriate.
dnscobra: nothing appropriate.
dnsenum: nothing appropriate.
dnseval: nothing appropriate.
dnseval.py: nothing appropriate.
dnsping: nothing appropriate.
dnsping.py: nothing appropriate.
dnsspider: nothing appropriate.
dnstraceroute: nothing appropriate.
dnstraceroute.py: nothing appropriate.
docker-compose: nothing appropriate.
docker-init: nothing appropriate.
docker-proxy: nothing appropriate.
dosepsbin: nothing appropriate.
dot_builtins: nothing appropriate.
dotenv: nothing appropriate.
dotnet: nothing appropriate.
DPAPImk2john: nothing appropriate.
dpapi.py: nothing appropriate.
dpcd_reg: nothing appropriate.
dpl4hydra.sh: nothing appropriate.
dprof2calltree: nothing appropriate.
draw2arrays: nothing appropriate.
drawarrays: nothing appropriate.
drawelements: nothing appropriate.
drawelements-large: nothing appropriate.
DRAWEXE: nothing appropriate.
DRAWEXE-7.4.0: nothing appropriate.
draw_lib_dependencies: nothing appropriate.
drawoverhead: nothing appropriate.
drawpix: nothing appropriate.
drawrange: nothing appropriate.
drone: nothing appropriate.
dtc: nothing appropriate.
dtd2rng: nothing appropriate.
dtdiff: nothing appropriate.
dtxgen: nothing appropriate.
ducktools: nothing appropriate.
dul-receive-pack: nothing appropriate.
dul-upload-pack: nothing appropriate.
dulwich: nothing appropriate.
dumpimage: nothing appropriate.
dumpmscat: nothing appropriate.
dumpsexp: nothing appropriate.
dump_syms: nothing appropriate.
dvbv5-daemon: nothing appropriate.
dviasm: nothing appropriate.
dviinfox: nothing appropriate.
dwp: nothing appropriate.
eapmd5tojohn: nothing appropriate.
easy_install: nothing appropriate.
easy_install-2.7: nothing appropriate.
easy_install-3.8: nothing appropriate.
ebtables-nft-restore: nothing appropriate.
ebtables-nft-save: nothing appropriate.
echoerr: nothing appropriate.
ecj-colour: nothing appropriate.
ecpg: nothing appropriate.
ecryptfs2john: nothing appropriate.
eddystone: nothing appropriate.
editorconfig-0.12.3: nothing appropriate.
eeprom: nothing appropriate.
eepromer: nothing appropriate.
efitool-mkusb: nothing appropriate.
efivar-tester: nothing appropriate.
eglgears_x11: nothing appropriate.
eglinfo: nothing appropriate.
eglkms: nothing appropriate.
egltri_x11: nothing appropriate.
einfo: nothing appropriate.
ejabberd2john: nothing appropriate.
electron7: nothing appropriate.
electrum2john: nothing appropriate.
elf2hex: nothing appropriate.
elisa: nothing appropriate.
enaml-compileall: nothing appropriate.
enaml-run: nothing appropriate.
enc265: nothing appropriate.
encfs2john: nothing appropriate.
enpass2john: nothing appropriate.
enum4linux: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.ash: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.bash: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.csh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.dash: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.fish: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.ksh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.mksh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.pdksh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.sh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.tcsh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.zsh: nothing appropriate.
eplain: nothing appropriate.
epstopdf: nothing appropriate.
erb-1.8: nothing appropriate.
erb-1.9: nothing appropriate.
erb-2.3: nothing appropriate.
es2gears_wayland: nothing appropriate.
es2gears_x11: nothing appropriate.
es2_info: nothing appropriate.
es2tri: nothing appropriate.
escapesrc: nothing appropriate.
escp2topbm: nothing appropriate.
esentutl.py: nothing appropriate.
espeak: nothing appropriate.
estimator_ckpt_converter: nothing appropriate.
etex: nothing appropriate.
ethereum2john: nothing appropriate.
eu-addr2line: nothing appropriate.
eu-ar: nothing appropriate.
eu-elfcmp: nothing appropriate.
eu-elfcompress: nothing appropriate.
eu-elflint: nothing appropriate.
eu-findtextrel: nothing appropriate.
eu-make-debug-archive: nothing appropriate.
eu-nm: nothing appropriate.
eu-objdump: nothing appropriate.
eu-ranlib: nothing appropriate.
eu-size: nothing appropriate.
eu-stack: nothing appropriate.
eu-strings: nothing appropriate.
eu-strip: nothing appropriate.
eu-unstrip: nothing appropriate.
evebackup: nothing appropriate.
evelauncher.sh: nothing appropriate.
event_rpcgen.py: nothing appropriate.
everegedit: nothing appropriate.
everestore: nothing appropriate.
evewine: nothing appropriate.
evewinecfg: nothing appropriate.
evewinetricks: nothing appropriate.
ewfdebug: nothing appropriate.
execstack: nothing appropriate.
exo-desktop-item-edit: nothing appropriate.
exo-preferred-applications: nothing appropriate.
expander: nothing appropriate.
exr2aces: nothing appropriate.
exrenvmap: nothing appropriate.
exrheader: nothing appropriate.
exrmakepreview: nothing appropriate.
exrmaketiled: nothing appropriate.
exrmultipart: nothing appropriate.
exrmultiview: nothing appropriate.
exrstdattr: nothing appropriate.
extra2community: nothing appropriate.
extractattr: nothing appropriate.
extrapkg: nothing appropriate.
extraterm: nothing appropriate.
extra-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
f2py: nothing appropriate.
f2py2: nothing appropriate.
f2py2.7: nothing appropriate.
f2py3: nothing appropriate.
f2py3.8: nothing appropriate.
f3brew: nothing appropriate.
f3fix: nothing appropriate.
f3probe: nothing appropriate.
f95: nothing appropriate.
fadot: nothing appropriate.
fast-import-filter: nothing appropriate.
fast-import-info: nothing appropriate.
fast-import-query: nothing appropriate.
fb_config: nothing appropriate.
fbobind: nothing appropriate.
fbo_firecube: nothing appropriate.
fbotexture: nothing appropriate.
fc-cache-32: nothing appropriate.
fc_solve_find_index_s2ints.py: nothing appropriate.
fdtdump: nothing appropriate.
fdtget: nothing appropriate.
fdtoverlay: nothing appropriate.
fdtput: nothing appropriate.
fileinfo: nothing appropriate.
filelight: nothing appropriate.
filezilla2john: nothing appropriate.
fill: nothing appropriate.
find-all-symbols: nothing appropriate.
findDelegation.py: nothing appropriate.
finddeps: nothing appropriate.
find-freecell-deal-index.py: nothing appropriate.
findhyph: nothing appropriate.
findmissingcrystal: nothing appropriate.
findssl.sh: nothing appropriate.
fire: nothing appropriate.
firefox: nothing appropriate.
fitscopy: nothing appropriate.
fiwalk: nothing appropriate.
fix-include.sh: nothing appropriate.
fixkdeincludes: nothing appropriate.
fixqt4headers.pl: nothing appropriate.
fixqt4headers.pl-qt5: nothing appropriate.
fixuifiles: nothing appropriate.
flash-var: nothing appropriate.
flask: nothing appropriate.
flask2: nothing appropriate.
flat-clip: nothing appropriate.
flex++: nothing appropriate.
fly: nothing appropriate.
fmtutil-user: nothing appropriate.
fogcoord: nothing appropriate.
fpack: nothing appropriate.
fpcalc: nothing appropriate.
fplight: nothing appropriate.
fragcoord: nothing appropriate.
fragmaster: nothing appropriate.
freecell-solver-fc-pro-range-solve: nothing appropriate.
freecell-solver-multi-thread-solve: nothing appropriate.
freerdp-proxy: nothing appropriate.
freport: nothing appropriate.
fribidi: nothing appropriate.
frisbeelite: nothing appropriate.
fslight: nothing appropriate.
fsraytrace: nothing appropriate.
fs-tri: nothing appropriate.
ftest: nothing appropriate.
ftestd: nothing appropriate.
ftp-rfc: nothing appropriate.
ftp-scanner: nothing appropriate.
function_grep.pl: nothing appropriate.
funpack: nothing appropriate.
fusermount-glusterfs: nothing appropriate.
futurize: nothing appropriate.
fuzz_option: nothing appropriate.
fw_printenv: nothing appropriate.
fw_setenv: nothing appropriate.
fzf-tmux: nothing appropriate.
g++-8: nothing appropriate.
g++-9: nothing appropriate.
gacutil2: nothing appropriate.
gapi2-codegen: nothing appropriate.
gapi2-fixup: nothing appropriate.
gapi2-parser: nothing appropriate.
gatt-service: nothing appropriate.
gawk-5.1.0: nothing appropriate.
gbklatex: nothing appropriate.
gbkpdflatex: nothing appropriate.
gcc-8: nothing appropriate.
gcc-9: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ar: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ar-8: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ar-9: nothing appropriate.
gcc-nm: nothing appropriate.
gcc-nm-8: nothing appropriate.
gcc-nm-9: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ranlib: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ranlib-8: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ranlib-9: nothing appropriate.
gconf-merge-schema: nothing appropriate.
gconf-merge-tree: nothing appropriate.
gconfpkg: nothing appropriate.
gcron.py: nothing appropriate.
gd2copypal: nothing appropriate.
gd2togif: nothing appropriate.
gd2topng: nothing appropriate.
gdcmpgif: nothing appropriate.
gdialog: nothing appropriate.
gdk-pixbuf-pixdata: nothing appropriate.
gdk-pixbuf-query-loaders-32: nothing appropriate.
gdk-pixbuf-thumbnailer: nothing appropriate.
gdparttopng: nothing appropriate.
gdtopng: nothing appropriate.
gearbox: nothing appropriate.
gears: nothing appropriate.
geartrain: nothing appropriate.
geckodriver: nothing appropriate.
geekbench: nothing appropriate.
geli2john: nothing appropriate.
gem: nothing appropriate.
gem-1.9: nothing appropriate.
gem-2.3: nothing appropriate.
gen-enc-table: nothing appropriate.
generate-rules: nothing appropriate.
genincstats: nothing appropriate.
genmipmap: nothing appropriate.
genmkvpwd: nothing appropriate.
gennorm2: nothing appropriate.
gentrigrams: nothing appropriate.
geom-outlining-130: nothing appropriate.
geom-outlining-150: nothing appropriate.
geom-sprites: nothing appropriate.
geom-stipple-lines: nothing appropriate.
geom-wide-lines: nothing appropriate.
geqn: nothing appropriate.
GetADUsers.py: nothing appropriate.
getArch.py: nothing appropriate.
get_device: nothing appropriate.
get_driver: nothing appropriate.
get_machine: nothing appropriate.
get_module: nothing appropriate.
GetNPUsers.py: nothing appropriate.
getPac.py: nothing appropriate.
getST.py: nothing appropriate.
getsysinfo: nothing appropriate.
gettext.sh: nothing appropriate.
getTGT.py: nothing appropriate.
GetUserSPNs.py: nothing appropriate.
get-versions: nothing appropriate.
gf_attach: nothing appropriate.
gfind_missing_files: nothing appropriate.
gfxbench: nothing appropriate.
ghc-pkg: nothing appropriate.
ghc-pkg-8.10.2: nothing appropriate.
gif2h5: nothing appropriate.
giftogd2: nothing appropriate.
gimagereader-qt5: nothing appropriate.
gio-querymodules-32: nothing appropriate.
git-clang-format: nothing appropriate.
git-icdiff: nothing appropriate.
git-remote-keybase: nothing appropriate.
gkbd-keyboard-display: nothing appropriate.
glav: nothing appropriate.
glava: nothing appropriate.
glewinfo: nothing appropriate.
glfsheal: nothing appropriate.
glinfo: nothing appropriate.
gloss: nothing appropriate.
glreadtest: nothing appropriate.
glslangValidator: nothing appropriate.
glsl-compile-time: nothing appropriate.
glslstateschange: nothing appropriate.
glsync: nothing appropriate.
gltestperf: nothing appropriate.
glthreads: nothing appropriate.
glue: nothing appropriate.
gluster-eventsapi: nothing appropriate.
glustereventsd: nothing appropriate.
glusterfind: nothing appropriate.
gluster-georep-sshkey: nothing appropriate.
gluster-mountbroker: nothing appropriate.
glxcontexts: nothing appropriate.
glxdemo: nothing appropriate.
glxgears: nothing appropriate.
glxgears_fbconfig: nothing appropriate.
glxgears_pixmap: nothing appropriate.
glxheads: nothing appropriate.
glxinfo: nothing appropriate.
glxpbdemo: nothing appropriate.
glxpixmap: nothing appropriate.
glxsnoop: nothing appropriate.
glxspheres64: nothing appropriate.
glxswapcontrol: nothing appropriate.
gmenudbusmenuproxy: nothing appropriate.
gmock-config.in: nothing appropriate.
gnome-help: nothing appropriate.
gnome-unstablepkg: nothing appropriate.
gnome-unstable-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
go: nothing appropriate.
gofmt: nothing appropriate.
goldenPac.py: nothing appropriate.
google-oauthlib-tool: nothing appropriate.
gpartedbin: nothing appropriate.
gpg2: nothing appropriate.
gpg2john: nothing appropriate.
gpg-error: nothing appropriate.
gpg-error-config: nothing appropriate.
gpgme-config: nothing appropriate.
gpgme-json: nothing appropriate.
gpgme-tool: nothing appropriate.
gpgscm: nothing appropriate.
gpgv2: nothing appropriate.
gphoto2-config: nothing appropriate.
gphoto2-port-config: nothing appropriate.
gr2fonttest: nothing appropriate.
gradle: nothing appropriate.
grantlee_strings_extractor.py: nothing appropriate.
gregorio: nothing appropriate.
grub-theme-creator: nothing appropriate.
gsc: nothing appropriate.
gsraytrace: nothing appropriate.
gss-client: nothing appropriate.
gssdp-device-sniffer: nothing appropriate.
gssdp-discover: nothing appropriate.
gss-server: nothing appropriate.
gst-inspect-1.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gst-launch-1.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gs-tri: nothing appropriate.
gst-stats-1.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gst-typefind-1.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gsx: nothing appropriate.
gtbl: nothing appropriate.
gtest-config.in: nothing appropriate.
gtk-builder-convert: nothing appropriate.
gtk-demo: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-check: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-depscan: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-fixxref: nothing appropriate.
gtkdocize: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-mkdb: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-mkhtml: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-mkhtml2: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-mkman: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-mkpdf: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-rebase: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-scan: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-scangobj: nothing appropriate.
gtkevemon: nothing appropriate.
gtk-query-immodules-2.0: nothing appropriate.
gtk-query-immodules-2.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gtk-query-immodules-3.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gtmp: nothing appropriate.
gts2xyz: nothing appropriate.
gtts-cli: nothing appropriate.
guild: nothing appropriate.
guile-config: nothing appropriate.
guile-snarf: nothing appropriate.
guile-tools: nothing appropriate.
gupnp-av-cp: nothing appropriate.
gupnp-network-light: nothing appropriate.
gupnp-universal-cp: nothing appropriate.
gupnp-upload: nothing appropriate.
gusbcmd: nothing appropriate.
gwenview: nothing appropriate.
gwenview_importer: nothing appropriate.
h52gif: nothing appropriate.
h5c++: nothing appropriate.
h5cc: nothing appropriate.
h5clear: nothing appropriate.
h5copy: nothing appropriate.
h5debug: nothing appropriate.
h5diff: nothing appropriate.
h5dump: nothing appropriate.
h5fc: nothing appropriate.
h5format_convert: nothing appropriate.
h5import: nothing appropriate.
h5jam: nothing appropriate.
h5ls: nothing appropriate.
h5mkgrp: nothing appropriate.
h5perf_serial: nothing appropriate.
h5redeploy: nothing appropriate.
h5repack: nothing appropriate.
h5repart: nothing appropriate.
h5stat: nothing appropriate.
h5unjam: nothing appropriate.
h5watch: nothing appropriate.
hackersh: nothing appropriate.
half_mt: nothing appropriate.
hashcat: nothing appropriate.
haxe: nothing appropriate.
haxelib: nothing appropriate.
hb-ot-shape-closure: nothing appropriate.
hb-shape: nothing appropriate.
hb-subset: nothing appropriate.
hb-view: nothing appropriate.
hccap2john: nothing appropriate.
hccapx2john: nothing appropriate.
hcieventmask: nothing appropriate.
hcisecfilter: nothing appropriate.
hcstat2gen: nothing appropriate.
hcstatgen: nothing appropriate.
hcxessidtool: nothing appropriate.
hcxhashcattool: nothing appropriate.
hcxmactool: nothing appropriate.
hcxpmkidtool: nothing appropriate.
hcxwltool: nothing appropriate.
hdrcopy: nothing appropriate.
healthd: nothing appropriate.
helpviewer2: nothing appropriate.
hex2: nothing appropriate.
hex2hcd: nothing appropriate.
hextoraw: nothing appropriate.
hexyl: nothing appropriate.
hgk: nothing appropriate.
hid2hci: nothing appropriate.
hltest: nothing appropriate.
hmaptool: nothing appropriate.
horizontal-grub: nothing appropriate.
hotshot2calltree: nothing appropriate.
hspell-i: nothing appropriate.
ht: nothing appropriate.
htcat: nothing appropriate.
htcontext: nothing appropriate.
htdigest2john: nothing appropriate.
htlatex: nothing appropriate.
htmex: nothing appropriate.
html2dic: nothing appropriate.
htmldiff: nothing appropriate.
httex: nothing appropriate.
httexi: nothing appropriate.
httpgrep: nothing appropriate.
httprint: nothing appropriate.
https: nothing appropriate.
httsquash: nothing appropriate.
htxelatex: nothing appropriate.
htxetex: nothing appropriate.
hug: nothing appropriate.
humanfriendly: nothing appropriate.
humanfriendly2: nothing appropriate.
hv_fcopy_daemon: nothing appropriate.
hv_kvp_daemon: nothing appropriate.
hv_vss_daemon: nothing appropriate.
hwasan_symbolize: nothing appropriate.
hwinfo: nothing appropriate.
hydra-wizard.sh: nothing appropriate.
i686-pc-linux-gnu-pkg-config: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-c++: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-cc: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-cpp: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-dllwrap: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-g++: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcc: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcc-10.2.0: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcc-ar: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcc-nm: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcc-ranlib: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcov: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcov-dump: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcov-tool: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gfortran: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnat: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatbind: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatchop: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatclean: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatfind: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatkr: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatlink: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatls: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatmake: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatname: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatprep: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatxref: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-ld.bfd: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-lto-dump: nothing appropriate.
i915-perf-configs: nothing appropriate.
i915-perf-control: nothing appropriate.
i915-perf-reader: nothing appropriate.
i915-perf-recorder: nothing appropriate.
ibeacon: nothing appropriate.
ibmiscanner2john: nothing appropriate.
ibus-ui-emojier-plasma: nothing appropriate.
icdiff: nothing appropriate.
iconvert: nothing appropriate.
icu-config-32: nothing appropriate.
icuinfo: nothing appropriate.
idectl: nothing appropriate.
identity: nothing appropriate.
idiag-socket-details: nothing appropriate.
idiff: nothing appropriate.
idl2wrs: nothing appropriate.
idle2: nothing appropriate.
idle3: nothing appropriate.
idle3.8: nothing appropriate.
ifmap.py: nothing appropriate.
igrep: nothing appropriate.
igt_results: nothing appropriate.
igt_resume: nothing appropriate.
igt_runner: nothing appropriate.
igt_stats: nothing appropriate.
iinfo: nothing appropriate.
ijs_client_example: nothing appropriate.
ijs_server_example: nothing appropriate.
ikdasm: nothing appropriate.
ikescan2john: nothing appropriate.
imageSynth: nothing appropriate.
imagetops: nothing appropriate.
imcopy: nothing appropriate.
img2png2: nothing appropriate.
img2py2: nothing appropriate.
img2srec: nothing appropriate.
img2xpm2: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_bumpmap: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_colorspace: nothing appropriate.
imlib2-config: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_conv: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_grab: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_load: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_poly: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_show: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_test: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_view: nothing appropriate.
includemocs: nothing appropriate.
installfont-tl: nothing appropriate.
installvst: nothing appropriate.
intel_audio_dump: nothing appropriate.
intel_backlight: nothing appropriate.
intel_bios_dumper: nothing appropriate.
intel_display_crc: nothing appropriate.
intel_display_poller: nothing appropriate.
intel_dp_compliance: nothing appropriate.
intel_dump_decode: nothing appropriate.
intel_error_decode: nothing appropriate.
intel_firmware_decode: nothing appropriate.
intel_forcewaked: nothing appropriate.
intel_framebuffer_dump: nothing appropriate.
intel_gem_info: nothing appropriate.
intel-gen4asm: nothing appropriate.
intel-gen4disasm: nothing appropriate.
intel_gpu_abrt: nothing appropriate.
intel_gpu_frequency: nothing appropriate.
intel-gpu-overlay: nothing appropriate.
intel_gpu_time: nothing appropriate.
intel_gpu_top: nothing appropriate.
intel_gtt: nothing appropriate.
intel_guc_logger: nothing appropriate.
intel_gvtg_test: nothing appropriate.
intel_infoframes: nothing appropriate.
intel_l3_parity: nothing appropriate.
intel_lid: nothing appropriate.
intel_opregion_decode: nothing appropriate.
intel_panel_fitter: nothing appropriate.
intel_perf_counters: nothing appropriate.
intel_reg: nothing appropriate.
intel_reg_checker: nothing appropriate.
intel_residency: nothing appropriate.
intel_stepping: nothing appropriate.
intel_vbt_decode: nothing appropriate.
intel_watermark: nothing appropriate.
ios7tojohn: nothing appropriate.
iostat: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-legacy: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-legacy-restore: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-legacy-save: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-nft: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-nft-restore: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-nft-save: nothing appropriate.
ipdb: nothing appropriate.
ipdb3: nothing appropriate.
ipers: nothing appropriate.
ipf-mod.pl: nothing appropriate.
ipmaddr: nothing appropriate.
iptables-legacy: nothing appropriate.
iptables-legacy-restore: nothing appropriate.
iptables-legacy-save: nothing appropriate.
iptables-nft: nothing appropriate.
iptables-nft-restore: nothing appropriate.
iptables-nft-save: nothing appropriate.
iptest: nothing appropriate.
iptest3: nothing appropriate.
iptunnel: nothing appropriate.
ipython3: nothing appropriate.
irb: nothing appropriate.
irb-1.8: nothing appropriate.
irb-1.9: nothing appropriate.
irb-2.3: nothing appropriate.
iscsi-gen-initiatorname: nothing appropriate.
iscsi_offload: nothing appropriate.
iscsi-perf: nothing appropriate.
iscsi-readcapacity16: nothing appropriate.
isempty: nothing appropriate.
isfloat: nothing appropriate.
isin: nothing appropriate.
isin_nocase: nothing appropriate.
isosurf: nothing appropriate.
ispellaff2myspell: nothing appropriate.
itunes_backup2john: nothing appropriate.
iv: nothing appropriate.
iwork2john: nothing appropriate.
jack_alias: nothing appropriate.
jack_evmon: nothing appropriate.
jack_latent_client: nothing appropriate.
jack_midi_dump: nothing appropriate.
jack_midiseq: nothing appropriate.
jack_midisine: nothing appropriate.
jack_rec: nothing appropriate.
jack_server_control: nothing appropriate.
jack_session_notify: nothing appropriate.
jack_simple_client: nothing appropriate.
jack_simple_session_client: nothing appropriate.
jack_transport_client: nothing appropriate.
jadetex: nothing appropriate.
javac-colour: nothing appropriate.
jbrute: nothing appropriate.
jemalloc-config: nothing appropriate.
jemalloc.sh: nothing appropriate.
jeprof: nothing appropriate.
jfmutil: nothing appropriate.
jira-wiki-markup: nothing appropriate.
jnetmap: nothing appropriate.
john: nothing appropriate.
johnny: nothing appropriate.
jpeg_extract: nothing appropriate.
jp.py: nothing appropriate.
js60: nothing appropriate.
js60-config: nothing appropriate.
js68: nothing appropriate.
js68-config: nothing appropriate.
json_reformat: nothing appropriate.
jsonschema: nothing appropriate.
json_verify: nothing appropriate.
jtagconsole: nothing appropriate.
juk: nothing appropriate.
jungle: nothing appropriate.
jupyter: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-bundlerextension: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-console: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-kernel: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-kernelspec: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-migrate: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-nbconvert: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-nbextension: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-notebook: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-qtconsole: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-run: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-serverextension: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-troubleshoot: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-trust: nothing appropriate.
jwtcat: nothing appropriate.
jwt-cracker: nothing appropriate.
JxrDecApp: nothing appropriate.
JxrEncApp: nothing appropriate.
kaccess: nothing appropriate.
kactivities-cli: nothing appropriate.
kaem: nothing appropriate.
kapidox_generate: nothing appropriate.
kapplymousetheme: nothing appropriate.
kapptemplate: nothing appropriate.
karmaSMB.py: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktfconsole: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktf.gui: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktfktf: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktflinker: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktfrun: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktfupdate: nothing appropriate.
kate-syntax-highlighter: nothing appropriate.
kbackup: nothing appropriate.
kbdgrab: nothing appropriate.
kbfsfuse: nothing appropriate.
kbnm: nothing appropriate.
kbroadcastnotification: nothing appropriate.
kbxutil: nothing appropriate.
kcachegrind: nothing appropriate.
kcalc: nothing appropriate.
kcharselect: nothing appropriate.
kcminit: nothing appropriate.
kcminit_startup: nothing appropriate.
kcmshell5: nothing appropriate.
kcm-touchpad-list-devices: nothing appropriate.
kcolorchooser: nothing appropriate.
kcolorschemeeditor: nothing appropriate.
kdcdump2john: nothing appropriate.
kde-add-printer: nothing appropriate.
kdebugdialog5: nothing appropriate.
kdebugsettings: nothing appropriate.
kdecp5: nothing appropriate.
kdedoc: nothing appropriate.
kde_generate_export_header: nothing appropriate.
kdeinit5_shutdown: nothing appropriate.
kdeinit5_wrapper: nothing appropriate.
kdekillall: nothing appropriate.
kdelnk2desktop.py: nothing appropriate.
kdemangen.pl: nothing appropriate.
kdemv5: nothing appropriate.
kde-open5: nothing appropriate.
kde-print-queue: nothing appropriate.
kde-systemsettings-tree.py: nothing appropriate.
kde-unstablepkg: nothing appropriate.
kde-unstable-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
kdev_dbus_socket_transformer: nothing appropriate.
kdevelop: nothing appropriate.
kdevelop!: nothing appropriate.
kdev_format_source: nothing appropriate.
kdev_includepathsconverter: nothing appropriate.
kdevplatform_shell_environment.sh: nothing appropriate.
kdf: nothing appropriate.
kdialog: nothing appropriate.
kdialog_progress_helper: nothing appropriate.
kdwsdl2cpp: nothing appropriate.
keditbookmarks: nothing appropriate.
keditfiletype5: nothing appropriate.
keepass2john: nothing appropriate.
ketcindy: nothing appropriate.
keybase: nothing appropriate.
keychain2john: nothing appropriate.
keyring2john: nothing appropriate.
keyspace: nothing appropriate.
keystore2john: nothing appropriate.
kfloppy: nothing appropriate.
kfontinst: nothing appropriate.
kfontview: nothing appropriate.
kget: nothing appropriate.
kglobalaccel5: nothing appropriate.
khelpcenter: nothing appropriate.
kiconfinder5: nothing appropriate.
kimagemapeditor: nothing appropriate.
kintercept.py: nothing appropriate.
kioclient5: nothing appropriate.
kirbi2john: nothing appropriate.
kirigami2gallery: nothing appropriate.
kiten: nothing appropriate.
kitengen: nothing appropriate.
kitenkanjibrowser: nothing appropriate.
kitenradselect: nothing appropriate.
kleopatra: nothing appropriate.
klettres: nothing appropriate.
klipper: nothing appropriate.
kmenuedit: nothing appropriate.
kmimetypefinder5: nothing appropriate.
kmix: nothing appropriate.
kmixctrl: nothing appropriate.
kmixremote: nothing appropriate.
knetattach: nothing appropriate.
knewstuff-dialog: nothing appropriate.
known_hosts2john: nothing appropriate.
kolourpaint: nothing appropriate.
kompare: nothing appropriate.
konsole: nothing appropriate.
konsoleprofile: nothing appropriate.
kopete: nothing appropriate.
kpackagelauncherqml: nothing appropriate.
kpartloader: nothing appropriate.
kplymouththemeinstaller: nothing appropriate.
kquitapp5: nothing appropriate.
krazy-licensecheck: nothing appropriate.
krb2john: nothing appropriate.
krb5-send-pr: nothing appropriate.
krdb: nothing appropriate.
krdc: nothing appropriate.
kreadconfig5: nothing appropriate.
krename: nothing appropriate.
krfb: nothing appropriate.
kruler: nothing appropriate.
krunner: nothing appropriate.
ksba-config: nothing appropriate.
kscreen-console: nothing appropriate.
kscreen-doctor: nothing appropriate.
kshell5: nothing appropriate.
ksmserver: nothing appropriate.
ksplashqml: nothing appropriate.
kstart5: nothing appropriate.
kstatsviewer: nothing appropriate.
kstool: nothing appropriate.
ksvgtopng5: nothing appropriate.
ksysguard: nothing appropriate.
ksysguardd: nothing appropriate.
ksystemlog: nothing appropriate.
ksystemstats: nothing appropriate.
kteatime: nothing appropriate.
ktelnetservice5: nothing appropriate.
ktimer: nothing appropriate.
ktmagnetdownloader: nothing appropriate.
ktorrent: nothing appropriate.
ktp-contactlist: nothing appropriate.
ktp-debugger: nothing appropriate.
ktp-dialout-ui: nothing appropriate.
ktp-log-viewer: nothing appropriate.
ktp-send-file: nothing appropriate.
ktraderclient5: nothing appropriate.
ktrash5: nothing appropriate.
ktupnptest: nothing appropriate.
kturtle: nothing appropriate.
kuiviewer: nothing appropriate.
kwallet2john: nothing appropriate.
kwalletd5: nothing appropriate.
kwalletmanager5: nothing appropriate.
kwatchgnupg: nothing appropriate.
kwave: nothing appropriate.
kwikdisk: nothing appropriate.
kwin_wayland: nothing appropriate.
kwin_x11: nothing appropriate.
kwordquiz: nothing appropriate.
kwrapper5: nothing appropriate.
kwrite: nothing appropriate.
kwriteconfig5: nothing appropriate.
l2test: nothing appropriate.
language-specific.sh: nothing appropriate.
lastpass2john: nothing appropriate.
latex2man: nothing appropriate.
latex2nemeth: nothing appropriate.
latexdef: nothing appropriate.
latexdiff: nothing appropriate.
latexdiff-vc: nothing appropriate.
latexfileversion: nothing appropriate.
latex-git-log: nothing appropriate.
latexindent: nothing appropriate.
latexmk: nothing appropriate.
latexpand: nothing appropriate.
latex-papersize: nothing appropriate.
latexrevise: nothing appropriate.
lav2avi.sh: nothing appropriate.
lavaddwav: nothing appropriate.
lavinfo: nothing appropriate.
lavtc.sh: nothing appropriate.
lconvert: nothing appropriate.
lconvert-qt4: nothing appropriate.
lconvert-qt5: nothing appropriate.
ld64.lld: nothing appropriate.
ld.bfd: nothing appropriate.
ld.gold: nothing appropriate.
ldif2john: nothing appropriate.
ldiff: nothing appropriate.
ld_iscsi.so: nothing appropriate.
ld.lld: nothing appropriate.
leet: nothing appropriate.
len: nothing appropriate.
letdown: nothing appropriate.
leviathan: nothing appropriate.
libassuan-config: nothing appropriate.
libevdev-tweak-device: nothing appropriate.
libgcrypt-config: nothing appropriate.
libglade-convert: nothing appropriate.
libgtop_daemon2: nothing appropriate.
libgtop_server2: nothing appropriate.
libieee1284_test: nothing appropriate.
libjingle-call: nothing appropriate.
libnet-config: nothing appropriate.
libpng16-config: nothing appropriate.
libpng16-config-32: nothing appropriate.
libpng-config: nothing appropriate.
libpng-config-32: nothing appropriate.
libreoffice2john: nothing appropriate.
libtar: nothing appropriate.
libusb-config: nothing appropriate.
libval-config: nothing appropriate.
lightworks: nothing appropriate.
lilv-bench: nothing appropriate.
line: nothing appropriate.
line-clip: nothing appropriate.
line-cull: nothing appropriate.
line-flat: nothing appropriate.
lineloop: nothing appropriate.
lineloop-clip: nothing appropriate.
lineloop-elts: nothing appropriate.
linenum: nothing appropriate.
line-smooth: nothing appropriate.
line-stipple-wide: nothing appropriate.
linestrip: nothing appropriate.
linestrip-clip: nothing appropriate.
linestrip-flat-stipple: nothing appropriate.
linestrip-stipple: nothing appropriate.
linestrip-stipple-wide: nothing appropriate.
line-userclip: nothing appropriate.
line-userclip-clip: nothing appropriate.
line-userclip-nop: nothing appropriate.
line-userclip-nop-clip: nothing appropriate.
line-wide: nothing appropriate.
line-xor: nothing appropriate.
linguist: nothing appropriate.
linguist-qt4: nothing appropriate.
linguist-qt5: nothing appropriate.
linktest: nothing appropriate.
linux-boot-prober: nothing appropriate.
linux-exploit-suggester: nothing appropriate.
lion2john: nothing appropriate.
lion2john-alt: nothing appropriate.
listContains: nothing appropriate.
listings-ext.sh: nothing appropriate.
lit2epub: nothing appropriate.
livewallpaper: nothing appropriate.
livewallpaper-config: nothing appropriate.
livewallpaper-indicator: nothing appropriate.
lld: nothing appropriate.
lld-link: nothing appropriate.
lli-child-target: nothing appropriate.
llvm-cat: nothing appropriate.
llvm-cfi-verify: nothing appropriate.
llvm-config32: nothing appropriate.
llvm-c-test: nothing appropriate.
llvm-cvtres: nothing appropriate.
llvm-cxxdump: nothing appropriate.
llvm-dlltool: nothing appropriate.
llvm-dwp: nothing appropriate.
llvm-elfabi: nothing appropriate.
llvm-ifs: nothing appropriate.
llvm-install-name-tool: nothing appropriate.
llvm-jitlink: nothing appropriate.
llvm-lto: nothing appropriate.
llvm-lto2: nothing appropriate.
llvm-mc: nothing appropriate.
llvm-modextract: nothing appropriate.
llvm-mt: nothing appropriate.
llvm-opt-report: nothing appropriate.
llvm-PerfectShuffle: nothing appropriate.
llvm-rc: nothing appropriate.
llvm-reduce: nothing appropriate.
llvm-rtdyld: nothing appropriate.
llvm-split: nothing appropriate.
llvm-tblgen: nothing appropriate.
llvm-undname: nothing appropriate.
llvm-xray: nothing appropriate.
locale-gen: nothing appropriate.
lodbias: nothing appropriate.
lokalize: nothing appropriate.
lollipop: nothing appropriate.
long-fixed-func: nothing appropriate.
lookandfeeltool: nothing appropriate.
lookupsid.py: nothing appropriate.
lotus2john: nothing appropriate.
lowntfs-3g: nothing appropriate.
lprodump: nothing appropriate.
lprodump-qt5: nothing appropriate.
lprsetup.sh: nothing appropriate.
lpunlock: nothing appropriate.
lrelease: nothing appropriate.
lrelease-pro: nothing appropriate.
lrelease-pro-qt5: nothing appropriate.
lrelease-qt4: nothing appropriate.
lrelease-qt5: nothing appropriate.
lscolors: nothing appropriate.
lsd: nothing appropriate.
lsdesktopf: nothing appropriate.
lsgpu: nothing appropriate.
lshwd: nothing appropriate.
lsix: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-comp-delay-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-comp-delay-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-comp-delay-x2-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-compressor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-compressor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-compressor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-compressor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-dyna-processor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-dyna-processor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-dyna-processor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-dyna-processor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-expander-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-expander-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-expander-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-expander-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-gate-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-gate-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-gate-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-gate-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x16-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x16-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x16-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x16-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x32-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x32-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x32-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x32-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-impulse-responses-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-impulse-responses-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-impulse-reverb-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-impulse-reverb-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-latency-meter: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-limiter-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-limiter-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-loud-comp-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-loud-comp-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-compressor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-compressor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-compressor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-compressor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-expander-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-expander-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-expander-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-expander-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-gate-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-gate-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-gate-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-gate-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x12: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x12-do: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x24: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x24-do: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x48: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x48-do: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-oscillator-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x16-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x16-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x16-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x16-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x32-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x32-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x32-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x32-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-phase-detector: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-profiler-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-profiler-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-room-builder-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-room-builder-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sampler-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sampler-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-compressor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-compressor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-compressor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-compressor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-dyna-processor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-dyna-processor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-dyna-processor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-dyna-processor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-expander-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-expander-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-expander-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-expander-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-gate-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-gate-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-gate-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-gate-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-limiter-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-limiter-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-compressor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-compressor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-compressor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-compressor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-expander-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-expander-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-expander-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-expander-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-gate-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-gate-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-gate-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-gate-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-slap-delay-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-slap-delay-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x1: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x12: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x16: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x2: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x4: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x8: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-surge-filter-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-surge-filter-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-trigger-midi-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-trigger-midi-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-trigger-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-trigger-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lstripstr: nothing appropriate.
lsusb.py: nothing appropriate.
lsvine: nothing appropriate.
lsx: nothing appropriate.
ltxfileinfo: nothing appropriate.
ltximg: nothing appropriate.
lua5.4: nothing appropriate.
luac5.4: nothing appropriate.
luajit-2.0.5: nothing appropriate.
luajithbtex: nothing appropriate.
luaotfload-tool: nothing appropriate.
luarocks: nothing appropriate.
luarocks-admin: nothing appropriate.
luatools: nothing appropriate.
luks2john: nothing appropriate.
lupdate: nothing appropriate.
lupdate-pro: nothing appropriate.
lupdate-pro-qt5: nothing appropriate.
lupdate-qt4: nothing appropriate.
lupdate-qt5: nothing appropriate.
lutris: nothing appropriate.
lv2bench: nothing appropriate.
lvm-cache-stats: nothing appropriate.
lwarpmk: nothing appropriate.
lw-generate-schema: nothing appropriate.
lz: nothing appropriate.
M1: nothing appropriate.
mac2john: nothing appropriate.
mac2john-alt: nothing appropriate.
mailmail3: nothing appropriate.
make4ht: nothing appropriate.
makealias: nothing appropriate.
makechrootpkg: nothing appropriate.
makedb: nothing appropriate.
makemhr: nothing appropriate.
makeobj: nothing appropriate.
maketx: nothing appropriate.
mandelbrot: nothing appropriate.
manywin: nothing appropriate.
marble: nothing appropriate.
mariadb_config: nothing appropriate.
markdown_py: nothing appropriate.
match_parens: nothing appropriate.
matteblend.flt: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_aescrypt2: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_benchmark: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_cert_app: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_cert_req: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_cert_write: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_crl_app: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_crypt_and_hash: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_dh_client: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_dh_genprime: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_dh_server: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_dtls_client: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_dtls_server: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_gen_entropy: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_generic_sum: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_gen_key: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_gen_random_ctr_drbg: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_gen_random_havege: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_hello: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_key_app: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_mini_client: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_mpi_demo: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_pem2der: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_pk_decrypt: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_pk_encrypt: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_pk_sign: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_pk_verify: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_query_compile_time_config: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_req_app: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_rsa_decrypt: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_rsa_encrypt: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_rsa_genkey: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_rsa_sign: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_rsa_verify: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_selftest: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_client1: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_client2: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_fork_server: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_mail_client: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_pthread_server: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_server: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_strerror: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_udp_proxy: nothing appropriate.
mcafee_epo2john: nothing appropriate.
mcaptest: nothing appropriate.
mcdiff: nothing appropriate.
mcomp: nothing appropriate.
mdbrebase: nothing appropriate.
mdk3: nothing appropriate.
mdump2: nothing appropriate.
mdump3: nothing appropriate.
medconforme: nothing appropriate.
media-ctl: nothing appropriate.
medimport: nothing appropriate.
melt: nothing appropriate.
mem_image: nothing appropriate.
memprof2calltree: nothing appropriate.
mesa-overlay-control.py: nothing appropriate.
mesh-cfgclient: nothing appropriate.
meshctl: nothing appropriate.
meshdebug: nothing appropriate.
mex: nothing appropriate.
mf2pt1: nothing appropriate.
mflua: nothing appropriate.
mfluajit: nothing appropriate.
mfluajit-nowin: nothing appropriate.
mflua-nowin: nothing appropriate.
mfplain: nothing appropriate.
mibcopy: nothing appropriate.
mibdump: nothing appropriate.
mictray: nothing appropriate.
mid3cp2: nothing appropriate.
mid3iconv2: nothing appropriate.
mid3v22: nothing appropriate.
mimikatz.py: nothing appropriate.
minidump: nothing appropriate.
min-nbd-client: nothing appropriate.
minuet: nothing appropriate.
mjpeg_simd_helper: nothing appropriate.
mk4ht: nothing appropriate.
mkarchiso: nothing appropriate.
mkenvimage: nothing appropriate.
mk_isdnhwdb: nothing appropriate.
mkjobtexmf: nothing appropriate.
mkl_link_tool: nothing appropriate.
mkluatexfontdb: nothing appropriate.
mklvars.sh: nothing appropriate.
mksquashfs: nothing appropriate.
mkt1font: nothing appropriate.
mkvcalcproba: nothing appropriate.
mli2: nothing appropriate.
mllatex: nothing appropriate.
mltex: nothing appropriate.
moc: nothing appropriate.
moc-qt4: nothing appropriate.
moc-qt5: nothing appropriate.
mod: nothing appropriate.
modularize: nothing appropriate.
moggsplit2: nothing appropriate.
molequeue: nothing appropriate.
monero2john: nothing appropriate.
money2john: nothing appropriate.
mongoc-stat: nothing appropriate.
mono-api-html: nothing appropriate.
mono-boehm: nothing appropriate.
monodocs2slashdoc: nothing appropriate.
mono-find-provides: nothing appropriate.
mono-find-requires: nothing appropriate.
mono-hang-watchdog: nothing appropriate.
mono-heapviz: nothing appropriate.
mono-package-runtime: nothing appropriate.
mono-sgen: nothing appropriate.
mono-test-install: nothing appropriate.
moreman: nothing appropriate.
morph: nothing appropriate.
morph3d: nothing appropriate.
mount.fuse.sshfs: nothing appropriate.
mount.ntfs: nothing appropriate.
mount.sshfs: nothing appropriate.
mount.unionfs: nothing appropriate.
mount.vmhgfs: nothing appropriate.
mouse-dpi-tool: nothing appropriate.
mousepad: nothing appropriate.
mozcerts-qt5: nothing appropriate.
mozilla2john: nothing appropriate.
mpegtranscode: nothing appropriate.
mpg123-id3dump: nothing appropriate.
mpg123-strip: nothing appropriate.
mpicalc: nothing appropriate.
mpris-proxy: nothing appropriate.
mpstat: nothing appropriate.
mptcp-fragmenter: nothing appropriate.
mptcp-scanner: nothing appropriate.
mptopdf: nothing appropriate.
mqtt_check.py: nothing appropriate.
msfconsole: nothing appropriate.
msfd: nothing appropriate.
msfdb: nothing appropriate.
msf-json-rpc.ru: nothing appropriate.
msfrpc: nothing appropriate.
msfrpcd: nothing appropriate.
msfvenom: nothing appropriate.
msf-ws.ru: nothing appropriate.
msidb: nothing appropriate.
msm: nothing appropriate.
mssqlclient.py: nothing appropriate.
mssqlinstance.py: nothing appropriate.
mtdev-test: nothing appropriate.
mtp-albumart: nothing appropriate.
mtp-albums: nothing appropriate.
mtp-connect: nothing appropriate.
mtp-delfile: nothing appropriate.
mtp-detect: nothing appropriate.
mtp-emptyfolders: nothing appropriate.
mtp-files: nothing appropriate.
mtp-filetree: nothing appropriate.
mtp-folders: nothing appropriate.
mtp-format: nothing appropriate.
mtp-getfile: nothing appropriate.
mtp-getplaylist: nothing appropriate.
mtp-hotplug: nothing appropriate.
mtp-newfolder: nothing appropriate.
mtp-newplaylist: nothing appropriate.
mtp-playlists: nothing appropriate.
mtp-reset: nothing appropriate.
mtp-sendfile: nothing appropriate.
mtp-sendtr: nothing appropriate.
mtp-thumb: nothing appropriate.
mtp-tracks: nothing appropriate.
mtp-trexist: nothing appropriate.
mtranslate: nothing appropriate.
mtxrun: nothing appropriate.
mtxrunjit: nothing appropriate.
multiarb: nothing appropriate.
multibit2john: nothing appropriate.
multiblend.flt: nothing appropriate.
multictx: nothing appropriate.
multilib-build: nothing appropriate.
multilibpkg: nothing appropriate.
multilib-staging-build: nothing appropriate.
multilib-stagingpkg: nothing appropriate.
multilib-testing-build: nothing appropriate.
multilib-testingpkg: nothing appropriate.
multinoise: nothing appropriate.
multirender_test: nothing appropriate.
multispell: nothing appropriate.
multitex: nothing appropriate.
munch: nothing appropriate.
mutagen-inspect2: nothing appropriate.
mutagen-pony2: nothing appropriate.
muxer: nothing appropriate.
mxtar: nothing appropriate.
ncb: nothing appropriate.
neko: nothing appropriate.
nekoc: nothing appropriate.
nekoml: nothing appropriate.
nekotools: nothing appropriate.
neo2john: nothing appropriate.
neovim-node-host: nothing appropriate.
netaddr2: nothing appropriate.
netconsole: nothing appropriate.
netntlm: nothing appropriate.
netreconn: nothing appropriate.
netscreen: nothing appropriate.
net-snmp-cert: nothing appropriate.
nettest: nothing appropriate.
nettle-hash: nothing appropriate.
nettle-lfib-stream: nothing appropriate.
nettle-pbkdf2: nothing appropriate.
netview.py: nothing appropriate.
network2john: nothing appropriate.
nf-ct-add: nothing appropriate.
nf-ct-events: nothing appropriate.
nf-ct-list: nothing appropriate.
nf-exp-add: nothing appropriate.
nf-exp-delete: nothing appropriate.
nf-exp-list: nothing appropriate.
nf-log: nothing appropriate.
nf-monitor: nothing appropriate.
nf-queue: nothing appropriate.
ngrok: nothing appropriate.
ninja: nothing appropriate.
nl-addr-add: nothing appropriate.
nl-addr-delete: nothing appropriate.
nl-addr-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-class-add: nothing appropriate.
nl-class-delete: nothing appropriate.
nl-class-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-cls-add: nothing appropriate.
nl-cls-delete: nothing appropriate.
nl-cls-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-fib-lookup: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-enslave: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-ifindex2name: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-name2ifindex: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-release: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-set: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-stats: nothing appropriate.
nl-list-caches: nothing appropriate.
nl-list-sockets: nothing appropriate.
nl-monitor: nothing appropriate.
nl-neigh-add: nothing appropriate.
nl-neigh-delete: nothing appropriate.
nl-neigh-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-neightbl-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-route-add: nothing appropriate.
nl-route-delete: nothing appropriate.
nl-route-get: nothing appropriate.
nl-route-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-rule-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-tctree-list: nothing appropriate.
nltk: nothing appropriate.
nl-util-addr: nothing appropriate.
nmapAnswerMachine.py: nothing appropriate.
nmtmp: nothing appropriate.
node-gyp: nothing appropriate.
noise: nothing appropriate.
noise2: nothing appropriate.
nokfw: nothing appropriate.
noncvslist: nothing appropriate.
nonsvnlist: nothing appropriate.
nosetests2: nothing appropriate.
nosetests-2.7: nothing appropriate.
nosetests3: nothing appropriate.
nosetests-3.8: nothing appropriate.
not: nothing appropriate.
notin: nothing appropriate.
notin_nocase: nothing appropriate.
npf: nothing appropriate.
npth-config: nothing appropriate.
nspr-config: nothing appropriate.
nss-config: nothing appropriate.
ntfs-read.py: nothing appropriate.
ntlmrelayx.py: nothing appropriate.
nu: nothing appropriate.
num2words: nothing appropriate.
numademo: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_core_inc: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_core_ps: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_core_sys: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_core_textview: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_binaryview: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_fetch: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_match: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_post: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_start: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_tree: nothing appropriate.
nvidia-bug-report.sh: nothing appropriate.
nvidia-cuda-mps-server: nothing appropriate.
nvidia-debugdump: nothing appropriate.
nvidia-sleep.sh: nothing appropriate.
nvidia-xrun: nothing appropriate.
nvim-qt: nothing appropriate.
obex-client-tool: nothing appropriate.
obexctl: nothing appropriate.
obex-server-tool: nothing appropriate.
obfitall: nothing appropriate.
obj2yaml: nothing appropriate.
obmm: nothing appropriate.
ociobakelut: nothing appropriate.
ociocheck: nothing appropriate.
ocrgui: nothing appropriate.
office2john: nothing appropriate.
offset: nothing appropriate.
oidnBenchmark: nothing appropriate.
oidnDenoise: nothing appropriate.
oidnTest: nothing appropriate.
oiiotool: nothing appropriate.
omfonts: nothing appropriate.
onig-config: nothing appropriate.
oobtest: nothing appropriate.
op2calltree: nothing appropriate.
opdump.py: nothing appropriate.
openal-info: nothing appropriate.
openbsd_softraid2john: nothing appropriate.
openssl-1.0: nothing appropriate.
openssl2john: nothing appropriate.
optimizegraphics: nothing appropriate.
orc-bugreport: nothing appropriate.
orcc: nothing appropriate.
ortecc: nothing appropriate.
osdemo: nothing appropriate.
osdemo16: nothing appropriate.
osdemo32: nothing appropriate.
osirrox: nothing appropriate.
oslc: nothing appropriate.
oslinfo: nothing appropriate.
os-prober: nothing appropriate.
ostinato: nothing appropriate.
ot2kpx: nothing appropriate.
pablodraw: nothing appropriate.
package_crystalsvg: nothing appropriate.
packETH: nothing appropriate.
paclist: nothing appropriate.
paclock: nothing appropriate.
paclog-pkglist: nothing appropriate.
pacman-db-upgrade: nothing appropriate.
pacscripts: nothing appropriate.
pacsearch: nothing appropriate.
padatious: nothing appropriate.
padlock2john: nothing appropriate.
pa-info: nothing appropriate.
pako: nothing appropriate.
paltex: nothing appropriate.
pamcrater: nothing appropriate.
pamexec: nothing appropriate.
pamfix: nothing appropriate.
pamfixtrunc: nothing appropriate.
pammosaicknit: nothing appropriate.
pampaintspill: nothing appropriate.
pamphletangler: nothing appropriate.
pamrecolor: nothing appropriate.
pamrubber: nothing appropriate.
pamshadedrelief: nothing appropriate.
pamsistoaglyph: nothing appropriate.
pamtoavs: nothing appropriate.
pamtompfont: nothing appropriate.
pamtooctaveimg: nothing appropriate.
pamtopam: nothing appropriate.
pamtopdbimg: nothing appropriate.
pamtopng: nothing appropriate.
pamtosrf: nothing appropriate.
pamtowinicon: nothing appropriate.
pamundice: nothing appropriate.
pamunlookup: nothing appropriate.
pamvalidate: nothing appropriate.
pamwipeout: nothing appropriate.
pango-list: nothing appropriate.
paprefs: nothing appropriate.
par2create: nothing appropriate.
par2repair: nothing appropriate.
par2verify: nothing appropriate.
parley: nothing appropriate.
parole: nothing appropriate.
parsetrigrams: nothing appropriate.
pass_gen: nothing appropriate.
pasteurize: nothing appropriate.
patator: nothing appropriate.
pavucontrol: nothing appropriate.
pbdemo: nothing appropriate.
pbibtex: nothing appropriate.
pbinfo: nothing appropriate.
pbmminkowski: nothing appropriate.
pbmtocis: nothing appropriate.
pbmtosunicon: nothing appropriate.
pcap2john: nothing appropriate.
pcprofiledump: nothing appropriate.
pdata_tools: nothing appropriate.
pdbimgtopam: nothing appropriate.
pdf2john: nothing appropriate.
pdfbook2: nothing appropriate.
pdfcrop: nothing appropriate.
pdfcsplain: nothing appropriate.
pdfjadetex: nothing appropriate.
pdfjam: nothing appropriate.
pdflatexpicscale: nothing appropriate.
pdfmex: nothing appropriate.
pdftex-quiet: nothing appropriate.
pdfxmltex: nothing appropriate.
pdfxup: nothing appropriate.
pdvitomp: nothing appropriate.
pdvitype: nothing appropriate.
peas-demo: nothing appropriate.
peco: nothing appropriate.
pedump: nothing appropriate.
peekvc: nothing appropriate.
peglgears: nothing appropriate.
pem2john: nothing appropriate.
penbox: nothing appropriate.
pentbox: nothing appropriate.
percol: nothing appropriate.
permute: nothing appropriate.
permute_exist: nothing appropriate.
petact: nothing appropriate.
peverify: nothing appropriate.
pew: nothing appropriate.
pfarrei: nothing appropriate.
pfx2john: nothing appropriate.
pgmtosbig: nothing appropriate.
pgmtost4: nothing appropriate.
pgon-mode: nothing appropriate.
pgpdisk2john: nothing appropriate.
pgpsda2john: nothing appropriate.
pgpwde2john: nothing appropriate.
phantomjs: nothing appropriate.
phononsettings: nothing appropriate.
pianoctl: nothing appropriate.
picospeaker: nothing appropriate.
pidstat: nothing appropriate.
pinentry: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-curses: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-emacs: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-gnome3: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-gtk-2: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-qt: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-tty: nothing appropriate.
ping6.py: nothing appropriate.
ping.py: nothing appropriate.
pip2.7: nothing appropriate.
pip3: nothing appropriate.
pip3.8: nothing appropriate.
pipeline: nothing appropriate.
pipenv: nothing appropriate.
pipenv-resolver: nothing appropriate.
pipewire-media-session: nothing appropriate.
pipr: nothing appropriate.
pixeltest: nothing appropriate.
pixeltool: nothing appropriate.
pixeltool-qt4: nothing appropriate.
pixeltool-qt5: nothing appropriate.
pixterm: nothing appropriate.
pkcs1-conv: nothing appropriate.
pk-example-frobnicate: nothing appropriate.
pkfix: nothing appropriate.
pkfix-helper: nothing appropriate.
pkgtop: nothing appropriate.
plasma: nothing appropriate.
plasma-discover: nothing appropriate.
plasma-discover-update: nothing appropriate.
plasma_session: nothing appropriate.
plasmashell: nothing appropriate.
plasma-shutdown: nothing appropriate.
plasma_waitforname: nothing appropriate.
plasmawindowed: nothing appropriate.
playout: nothing appropriate.
plget: nothing appropriate.
png2mng.pl: nothing appropriate.
png2pnm: nothing appropriate.
pngfix: nothing appropriate.
pngfix-32: nothing appropriate.
png-fix-itxt: nothing appropriate.
png-fix-itxt-32: nothing appropriate.
pngtogd: nothing appropriate.
pngtogd2: nothing appropriate.
pngtopam: nothing appropriate.
pnm2png: nothing appropriate.
pnmflip: nothing appropriate.
pnmmercator: nothing appropriate.
pnmquantall: nothing appropriate.
po2xmi5: nothing appropriate.
podofosign: nothing appropriate.
point: nothing appropriate.
pointblast: nothing appropriate.
point-clip: nothing appropriate.
pointcoord: nothing appropriate.
point-param: nothing appropriate.
points: nothing appropriate.
point-sprite: nothing appropriate.
point-wide: nothing appropriate.
point-wide-smooth: nothing appropriate.
polenum: nothing appropriate.
poly: nothing appropriate.
poly-flat: nothing appropriate.
poly-flat-clip: nothing appropriate.
poly-flat-unfilled-clip: nothing appropriate.
poly-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
post-grohtml: nothing appropriate.
postprocessing_benchmark: nothing appropriate.
potcheck: nothing appropriate.
pphs: nothing appropriate.
ppmcolors: nothing appropriate.
ppmtoapplevol: nothing appropriate.
ppmtoascii: nothing appropriate.
ppmtogif: nothing appropriate.
ppmtospu: nothing appropriate.
pppoe-discovery: nothing appropriate.
pprof2calltree: nothing appropriate.
pp-trace: nothing appropriate.
precat: nothing appropriate.
prefixitems: nothing appropriate.
pre-grohtml: nothing appropriate.
prepare: nothing appropriate.
prettygrub: nothing appropriate.
prettyping: nothing appropriate.
preunzip: nothing appropriate.
prezip: nothing appropriate.
primus_vk_diag: nothing appropriate.
printferr: nothing appropriate.
procs: nothing appropriate.
profile2mat.pl: nothing appropriate.
projtex: nothing appropriate.
prompt: nothing appropriate.
prosody2john: nothing appropriate.
protoc: nothing appropriate.
protoc-c: nothing appropriate.
protoc-gen-c: nothing appropriate.
protocoltojson: nothing appropriate.
proximity-sort: nothing appropriate.
proxy: nothing appropriate.
ps2ps2: nothing appropriate.
pse2john: nothing appropriate.
psexec.py: nothing appropriate.
pstat: nothing appropriate.
ps_token2john: nothing appropriate.
pstree.x11: nothing appropriate.
ptf: nothing appropriate.
ptxinfo: nothing appropriate.
pulseaudio-equalizer: nothing appropriate.
pulseaudio-equalizer-gtk: nothing appropriate.
pulseeffects: nothing appropriate.
pulsemixer: nothing appropriate.
purifyeps: nothing appropriate.
putty2john: nothing appropriate.
pvkrun: nothing appropriate.
pvtkpython: nothing appropriate.
pwhash: nothing appropriate.
pw-midiplay: nothing appropriate.
pw-midirecord: nothing appropriate.
pw-play: nothing appropriate.
pw-record: nothing appropriate.
pwsafe2john: nothing appropriate.
pwsh: nothing appropriate.
pyalacarte2: nothing appropriate.
pyalamode2: nothing appropriate.
pybabel: nothing appropriate.
pycrust2: nothing appropriate.
pydictor: nothing appropriate.
pydoc: nothing appropriate.
pydoc2: nothing appropriate.
pydoc3: nothing appropriate.
pydoc3.8: nothing appropriate.
pyew: nothing appropriate.
pyfiglet: nothing appropriate.
pyfiglet2: nothing appropriate.
pygobject-codegen-2.0: nothing appropriate.
pygtk-codegen-2.0: nothing appropriate.
pygtk-demo: nothing appropriate.
pyhtmlizer3: nothing appropriate.
pyjoke: nothing appropriate.
pyjokes: nothing appropriate.
pyjwt: nothing appropriate.
pykig.py: nothing appropriate.
pylupdate4: nothing appropriate.
pylupdate5: nothing appropriate.
pyrcc4: nothing appropriate.
pyrcc5: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-decrypt: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-decrypt2: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-encrypt: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-encrypt2: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-keygen: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-keygen2: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-priv2pub: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-priv2pub2: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-sign: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-sign2: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-verify: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-verify2: nothing appropriate.
pyshell2: nothing appropriate.
pysmt-install: nothing appropriate.
py.test: nothing appropriate.
pytest: nothing appropriate.
python2.7-config: nothing appropriate.
python2-config: nothing appropriate.
python2-pylupdate5: nothing appropriate.
python2-pyrcc5: nothing appropriate.
python2-pyuic4: nothing appropriate.
python2-pyuic5: nothing appropriate.
python3.8-config: nothing appropriate.
python3-config: nothing appropriate.
python-argcomplete-check-easy-install-script: nothing appropriate.
python-argcomplete-check-easy-install-script2: nothing appropriate.
python-argcomplete-tcsh: nothing appropriate.
python-argcomplete-tcsh2: nothing appropriate.
python-config: nothing appropriate.
pythonect: nothing appropriate.
pythontex: nothing appropriate.
pyuic4: nothing appropriate.
pyuic5: nothing appropriate.
pywrap2: nothing appropriate.
pywxrc2: nothing appropriate.
pzstd: nothing appropriate.
qcollectiongenerator: nothing appropriate.
qcollectiongenerator-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qcollectiongenerator-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qconvex: nothing appropriate.
qdbus: nothing appropriate.
qdbuscpp2xml: nothing appropriate.
qdbuscpp2xml-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qdbuscpp2xml-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qdbus-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qdbus-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qdbusviewer: nothing appropriate.
qdbusviewer-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qdbusviewer-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qdbusxml2cpp: nothing appropriate.
qdbusxml2cpp-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qdbusxml2cpp-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qdelaunay: nothing appropriate.
qdep: nothing appropriate.
qdistancefieldgenerator: nothing appropriate.
qdistancefieldgenerator-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qdoc: nothing appropriate.
qdoc3-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qdoc-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qgltf: nothing appropriate.
qhalf: nothing appropriate.
qhelpconverter-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qhelpgenerator: nothing appropriate.
qhelpgenerator-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qhelpgenerator-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qlalr: nothing appropriate.
qlalr-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmake: nothing appropriate.
qmake-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qmake-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qml: nothing appropriate.
qmlcachegen: nothing appropriate.
qmlcachegen-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmleasing: nothing appropriate.
qmleasing-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlformat: nothing appropriate.
qmlformat-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlimportscanner: nothing appropriate.
qmlimportscanner-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmllint: nothing appropriate.
qmllint-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlmin: nothing appropriate.
qmlmin-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlplugindump: nothing appropriate.
qmlplugindump-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qmlplugindump-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlpreview: nothing appropriate.
qmlpreview-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlprofiler: nothing appropriate.
qmlprofiler-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qml-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlscene: nothing appropriate.
qmlscene-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmltestrunner: nothing appropriate.
qmltestrunner-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmltyperegistrar: nothing appropriate.
qmltyperegistrar-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlviewer-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qpaeq: nothing appropriate.
qscxmlc: nothing appropriate.
qt3to4-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qtattributionsscanner: nothing appropriate.
qtattributionsscanner-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qtconfig-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qtdiag: nothing appropriate.
qtdiag-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qt-faststart: nothing appropriate.
qtpaths: nothing appropriate.
qtpaths-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qtplugininfo: nothing appropriate.
qtplugininfo-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qttracereplay-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qtwaylandscanner: nothing appropriate.
quad: nothing appropriate.
quad-clip: nothing appropriate.
quad-clip-all-vertices: nothing appropriate.
quad-clip-nearplane: nothing appropriate.
quad-degenerate: nothing appropriate.
quad-flat: nothing appropriate.
quad-offset-factor: nothing appropriate.
quad-offset-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
quad-offset-units: nothing appropriate.
quads: nothing appropriate.
quadstrip: nothing appropriate.
quadstrip-clip: nothing appropriate.
quadstrip-cont: nothing appropriate.
quadstrip-flat: nothing appropriate.
quad-tex-2d: nothing appropriate.
quad-tex-3d: nothing appropriate.
quad-tex-alpha: nothing appropriate.
quad-tex-pbo: nothing appropriate.
quad-tex-sub: nothing appropriate.
quad-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
quad-unfilled-clip: nothing appropriate.
quad-unfilled-stipple: nothing appropriate.
qvkgen: nothing appropriate.
qvkgen-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qvoronoi: nothing appropriate.
qwebengine_convert_dict: nothing appropriate.
r2r: nothing appropriate.
racc: nothing appropriate.
racc2y: nothing appropriate.
racer: nothing appropriate.
racf2john: nothing appropriate.
radius2john: nothing appropriate.
raiseChild.py: nothing appropriate.
rake: nothing appropriate.
rake-1.9: nothing appropriate.
rake-2.3: nothing appropriate.
ramsmp: nothing appropriate.
rankmirrors: nothing appropriate.
rar2john: nothing appropriate.
rasign2: nothing appropriate.
rav1e: nothing appropriate.
raw2dyna: nothing appropriate.
raw-identify: nothing appropriate.
rawtextdump: nothing appropriate.
ray: nothing appropriate.
rcc: nothing appropriate.
rcc-qt4: nothing appropriate.
rcc-qt5: nothing appropriate.
rcvboxdrv: nothing appropriate.
rd-curves: nothing appropriate.
rdesktop-vrdp: nothing appropriate.
rdmsr: nothing appropriate.
rdoc: nothing appropriate.
rdoc-1.8: nothing appropriate.
rdoc-1.9: nothing appropriate.
rdoc-2.3: nothing appropriate.
rdp_check.py: nothing appropriate.
rds-ctl: nothing appropriate.
readall: nothing appropriate.
readelf.py: nothing appropriate.
readpix: nothing appropriate.
readpixels: nothing appropriate.
readtags: nothing appropriate.
rebuildpkgs: nothing appropriate.
reconscan-recon: nothing appropriate.
reconscan-vulnscan: nothing appropriate.
refind-mkfont: nothing appropriate.
reflect: nothing appropriate.
register-python-argcomplete: nothing appropriate.
register-python-argcomplete2: nothing appropriate.
registry-read.py: nothing appropriate.
reg.py: nothing appropriate.
remaining: nothing appropriate.
remotinator: nothing appropriate.
remuxer: nothing appropriate.
renormal: nothing appropriate.
repc: nothing appropriate.
repo-elephant: nothing appropriate.
repstopdf: nothing appropriate.
req-exclude: nothing appropriate.
req-include: nothing appropriate.
reverseraider: nothing appropriate.
reviewboard-am: nothing appropriate.
rexgen2rules: nothing appropriate.
rftp: nothing appropriate.
rga: nothing appropriate.
rga-preproc: nothing appropriate.
ri-1.8: nothing appropriate.
ri-1.9: nothing appropriate.
ri-2.3: nothing appropriate.
ristretto: nothing appropriate.
rli: nothing appropriate.
rli2: nothing appropriate.
rlogin-cwd: nothing appropriate.
rls: nothing appropriate.
r-mpost: nothing appropriate.
rocs: nothing appropriate.
rootbrute: nothing appropriate.
rpcdump.py: nothing appropriate.
rpdfcrop: nothing appropriate.
r-pmpost: nothing appropriate.
rpyc_classic.py: nothing appropriate.
rpyc_registry.py: nothing appropriate.
rsfetch: nothing appropriate.
rspec: nothing appropriate.
rst2html: nothing appropriate.
rst2html4: nothing appropriate.
rst2html4.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2html5: nothing appropriate.
rst2html5.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2html.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2latex: nothing appropriate.
rst2latex.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2man: nothing appropriate.
rst2man.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2odt: nothing appropriate.
rst2odt_prepstyles: nothing appropriate.
rst2odt_prepstyles.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2odt.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2pseudoxml: nothing appropriate.
rst2pseudoxml.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2s5: nothing appropriate.
rst2s5.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2xetex: nothing appropriate.
rst2xetex.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2xml: nothing appropriate.
rst2xml.py: nothing appropriate.
rstpep2html: nothing appropriate.
rstpep2html.py: nothing appropriate.
rstripstr: nothing appropriate.
rtlfw: nothing appropriate.
rtmpsrv: nothing appropriate.
rtmpsuck: nothing appropriate.
ruby-1.8: nothing appropriate.
ruby-1.9: nothing appropriate.
ruby-2.3: nothing appropriate.
rules_optimize: nothing appropriate.
rulestack: nothing appropriate.
run_archiso: nothing appropriate.
rungs: nothing appropriate.
r-upmpost: nothing appropriate.
rustc: nothing appropriate.
rustdoc: nothing appropriate.
rustfmt: nothing appropriate.
rust-gdb: nothing appropriate.
rust-lldb: nothing appropriate.
rustscan: nothing appropriate.
rustup: nothing appropriate.
sadf: nothing appropriate.
samba_dnsupdate: nothing appropriate.
samba_kcc: nothing appropriate.
sambaPipe.py: nothing appropriate.
samba_spnupdate: nothing appropriate.
samba_upgradedns: nothing appropriate.
samplers: nothing appropriate.
samplers_array: nothing appropriate.
samrdump.py: nothing appropriate.
sancov: nothing appropriate.
sanstats: nothing appropriate.
sap2john: nothing appropriate.
sar: nothing appropriate.
sau-activate.sh: nothing appropriate.
saved_model_cli: nothing appropriate.
sbcdec: nothing appropriate.
sbcenc: nothing appropriate.
sbcinfo: nothing appropriate.
scan-view: nothing appropriate.
scapy2: nothing appropriate.
scotest: nothing appropriate.
screen-4.8.0: nothing appropriate.
scrotwm: nothing appropriate.
sddm: nothing appropriate.
sddm-greeter: nothing appropriate.
sdl2-config: nothing appropriate.
sdl-config: nothing appropriate.
sdpscanner: nothing appropriate.
searchsploit: nothing appropriate.
secretsdump.py: nothing appropriate.
sendmail: nothing appropriate.
seprule: nothing appropriate.
seq2bseq: nothing appropriate.
services.py: nothing appropriate.
sexp-conv: nothing appropriate.
sfscandiff: nothing appropriate.
sgen-grep-binprot: nothing appropriate.
sgmlspl: nothing appropriate.
shadow_sampler: nothing appropriate.
shadowtex: nothing appropriate.
sha-dump: nothing appropriate.
shape: nothing appropriate.
sharedtex: nothing appropriate.
sharedtex_mt: nothing appropriate.
sharkd: nothing appropriate.
sha-test: nothing appropriate.
shellen: nothing appropriate.
shellharden: nothing appropriate.
shellnoob: nothing appropriate.
shellpop: nothing appropriate.
shellsupport: nothing appropriate.
sherlock265: nothing appropriate.
shfsmount: nothing appropriate.
shfsumount: nothing appropriate.
shlibsign: nothing appropriate.
shodan2: nothing appropriate.
showdb: nothing appropriate.
showjournal: nothing appropriate.
showstat4: nothing appropriate.
showwal: nothing appropriate.
shtest: nothing appropriate.
signal2john: nothing appropriate.
signond: nothing appropriate.
signonpluginprocess: nothing appropriate.
signon-ui: nothing appropriate.
sim_client: nothing appropriate.
simpdftex: nothing appropriate.
simple_dcraw: nothing appropriate.
simpleexpand: nothing appropriate.
simpleindex: nothing appropriate.
simplesearch: nothing appropriate.
simplex-noise: nothing appropriate.
sim_server: nothing appropriate.
singlebuffer: nothing appropriate.
sip: nothing appropriate.
SIPdump: nothing appropriate.
sipdump2john: nothing appropriate.
sjislatex: nothing appropriate.
sjispdflatex: nothing appropriate.
skdump: nothing appropriate.
skinning: nothing appropriate.
skiptracer: nothing appropriate.
sktest: nothing appropriate.
skylighting-extract: nothing appropriate.
slencheck: nothing appropriate.
slocate: nothing appropriate.
smbclient.py: nothing appropriate.
smbexec.py: nothing appropriate.
smbgrab: nothing appropriate.
smbhunt: nothing appropriate.
smblist: nothing appropriate.
smbrelayx.py: nothing appropriate.
smbserver.py: nothing appropriate.
snap_scheduler.py: nothing appropriate.
sndfile-resample: nothing appropriate.
sniffer.py: nothing appropriate.
sniff.py: nothing appropriate.
snmpcheck: nothing appropriate.
snmppcap: nothing appropriate.
snmpping: nothing appropriate.
solid-action-desktop-gen: nothing appropriate.
solid-hardware5: nothing appropriate.
solid-power: nothing appropriate.
sortByCol: nothing appropriate.
sotruss: nothing appropriate.
soundstretch: nothing appropriate.
spacy: nothing appropriate.
spa-inspect: nothing appropriate.
spa-monitor: nothing appropriate.
sparta: nothing appropriate.
spd-conf: nothing appropriate.
spd-say: nothing appropriate.
spdsend: nothing appropriate.
spectacle: nothing appropriate.
spectex: nothing appropriate.
spectrwm-no-preload: nothing appropriate.
speech-dispatcher: nothing appropriate.
speedtest: nothing appropriate.
speedtest-cli: nothing appropriate.
sphinx-apidoc: nothing appropriate.
sphinx-autogen: nothing appropriate.
sphinx-build: nothing appropriate.
sphinx_jsgf2fsg: nothing appropriate.
sphinx-quickstart: nothing appropriate.
spike: nothing appropriate.
spike-dasm: nothing appropriate.
spirv-as: nothing appropriate.
spirv-cfg: nothing appropriate.
spirv-dis: nothing appropriate.
spirv-lesspipe.sh: nothing appropriate.
spirv-link: nothing appropriate.
spirv-opt: nothing appropriate.
spirv-reduce: nothing appropriate.
spirv-remap: nothing appropriate.
spirv-val: nothing appropriate.
splitContains: nothing appropriate.
splitimg: nothing appropriate.
splitlen: nothing appropriate.
split.py: nothing appropriate.
spriteblast: nothing appropriate.
sqldiff: nothing appropriate.
sqlmetal: nothing appropriate.
squashfuse_ll: nothing appropriate.
srch_strings: nothing appropriate.
srcredact: nothing appropriate.
srftopam: nothing appropriate.
srt-ffplay: nothing appropriate.
srt-file-transmit: nothing appropriate.
srt-live-transmit: nothing appropriate.
srt-test-file: nothing appropriate.
srt-test-live: nothing appropriate.
srt-test-multiplex: nothing appropriate.
srt-test-relay: nothing appropriate.
srt-tunnel: nothing appropriate.
ssh2john: nothing appropriate.
sslyze: nothing appropriate.
sspr2john: nothing appropriate.
st4topgm: nothing appropriate.
stagingpkg: nothing appropriate.
staging-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
staroffice2john: nothing appropriate.
startplasma-wayland: nothing appropriate.
startplasma-x11: nothing appropriate.
start-statd: nothing appropriate.
steamdeps: nothing appropriate.
steam-runtime: nothing appropriate.
step: nothing appropriate.
stex3d: nothing appropriate.
strace-graph: nothing appropriate.
strace-parser: nothing appropriate.
strip2john: nothing appropriate.
strip-bsn: nothing appropriate.
strip-bsr: nothing appropriate.
stripstr: nothing appropriate.
stunbdc: nothing appropriate.
stund: nothing appropriate.
sty2dtx: nothing appropriate.
subbrute: nothing appropriate.
substrings.pl: nothing appropriate.
sub-tex: nothing appropriate.
sunicontopnm: nothing appropriate.
svcutil: nothing appropriate.
svg-term: nothing appropriate.
svgtopam: nothing appropriate.
svnbackport: nothing appropriate.
svnbench: nothing appropriate.
svnchangesince: nothing appropriate.
svn-clean: nothing appropriate.
svnforwardport: nothing appropriate.
svnfsfs: nothing appropriate.
svngettags: nothing appropriate.
svnintegrate: nothing appropriate.
svnlastchange: nothing appropriate.
svnlastlog: nothing appropriate.
svnrevertlast: nothing appropriate.
svnversions: nothing appropriate.
swapbuffers: nothing appropriate.
swig: nothing appropriate.
sxw2txt: nothing appropriate.
symkeyutil: nothing appropriate.
syncqt.pl: nothing appropriate.
syncqt.pl-qt5: nothing appropriate.
systemd-resolve: nothing appropriate.
systemd-stdio-bridge: nothing appropriate.
systemmonitor: nothing appropriate.
systemsettings5: nothing appropriate.
t4ht: nothing appropriate.
tabulate2: nothing appropriate.
taglib-config: nothing appropriate.
tailer: nothing appropriate.
tap: nothing appropriate.
tapestat: nothing appropriate.
tappy: nothing appropriate.
tarcolor: nothing appropriate.
tastenbrett: nothing appropriate.
tcat: nothing appropriate.
tcbench: nothing appropriate.
tclsh8.6: nothing appropriate.
tdspool: nothing appropriate.
te: nothing appropriate.
teapot: nothing appropriate.
teckit_compile: nothing appropriate.
telegram2john: nothing appropriate.
temu: nothing appropriate.
tensorboard: nothing appropriate.
teq: nothing appropriate.
term_cdiff: nothing appropriate.
termcolors: nothing appropriate.
term_colortab: nothing appropriate.
term_decolor: nothing appropriate.
term_display: nothing appropriate.
terminator.wrapper: nothing appropriate.
terminus: nothing appropriate.
termios-xspike: nothing appropriate.
term_mandel: nothing appropriate.
termshark: nothing appropriate.
term_snow: nothing appropriate.
termtosvg: nothing appropriate.
terrain: nothing appropriate.
tessdemo: nothing appropriate.
tesstrain.sh: nothing appropriate.
testingpkg: nothing appropriate.
testing-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
testpkg: nothing appropriate.
testrb-1.8: nothing appropriate.
testrb-1.9: nothing appropriate.
testrender: nothing appropriate.
test-runner: nothing appropriate.
testshade: nothing appropriate.
testshade_dso: nothing appropriate.
tex4ebook: nothing appropriate.
tex4ht: nothing appropriate.
texaaline: nothing appropriate.
texconfig-dialog: nothing appropriate.
texcount: nothing appropriate.
texcyl: nothing appropriate.
texdef: nothing appropriate.
texdemo1: nothing appropriate.
texdiff: nothing appropriate.
texdirflatten: nothing appropriate.
texdoc: nothing appropriate.
texenv: nothing appropriate.
texexec: nothing appropriate.
texfot: nothing appropriate.
teximage: nothing appropriate.
texliveonfly: nothing appropriate.
texloganalyser: nothing appropriate.
texluajit: nothing appropriate.
texluajitc: nothing appropriate.
texmfstart: nothing appropriate.
texplate: nothing appropriate.
tex-quads: nothing appropriate.
texsis: nothing appropriate.
texture_from_pixmap: nothing appropriate.
textures: nothing appropriate.
tezos2john: nothing appropriate.
tflite_convert: nothing appropriate.
tf_upgrade_v2: nothing appropriate.
tgz: nothing appropriate.
thc-smartbrute: nothing appropriate.
thumbpdf: nothing appropriate.
thunderbird: nothing appropriate.
ticketConverter.py: nothing appropriate.
ticketer.py: nothing appropriate.
timed-read: nothing appropriate.
timed-run: nothing appropriate.
timelineeditor: nothing appropriate.
tjbench: nothing appropriate.
tkconch3: nothing appropriate.
tkpasswd: nothing appropriate.
tldr: nothing appropriate.
tmesis: nothing appropriate.
tmesis-dynamic: nothing appropriate.
tmon: nothing appropriate.
tmuxer: nothing appropriate.
tmux-mem-cpu-load: nothing appropriate.
toco: nothing appropriate.
toco_from_protos: nothing appropriate.
topmorph: nothing appropriate.
touchpad-disabler: nothing appropriate.
touchpad-edge-detector: nothing appropriate.
toyball: nothing appropriate.
tqdm: nothing appropriate.
tqdm2: nothing appropriate.
tracegen: nothing appropriate.
tracegen-qt5: nothing appropriate.
transist.flt: nothing appropriate.
tree-sitter: nothing appropriate.
tri: nothing appropriate.
tri-2101010: nothing appropriate.
tri-2101010-dlist: nothing appropriate.
trial3: nothing appropriate.
tri-alpha: nothing appropriate.
tri-alpha-tex: nothing appropriate.
tri-array-interleaved: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend-color: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend-max: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend-min: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend-revsub: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend-sub: nothing appropriate.
tri-clear: nothing appropriate.
tri-clip: nothing appropriate.
tri-cull: nothing appropriate.
tri-cull-both: nothing appropriate.
tri-dlist: nothing appropriate.
tri-edgeflag: nothing appropriate.
tri-edgeflag-array: nothing appropriate.
tri-edgeflag-pv: nothing appropriate.
triehash: nothing appropriate.
trifan: nothing appropriate.
trifan-flat: nothing appropriate.
trifan-flat-clip: nothing appropriate.
trifan-flat-unfilled-clip: nothing appropriate.
trifan-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
tri-fbo: nothing appropriate.
tri-fbo-tex: nothing appropriate.
tri-fbo-tex-mip: nothing appropriate.
tri-flat: nothing appropriate.
tri-flat-clip: nothing appropriate.
tri-fog: nothing appropriate.
tri-fp: nothing appropriate.
tri-fp-const-imm: nothing appropriate.
tri-lit: nothing appropriate.
tri-lit-material: nothing appropriate.
tri-logicop-none: nothing appropriate.
tri-logicop-xor: nothing appropriate.
tri-mask-tri: nothing appropriate.
tri-multitex-vbo: nothing appropriate.
tri-orig: nothing appropriate.
tri-point-line-clipped: nothing appropriate.
tri-query: nothing appropriate.
trirast: nothing appropriate.
tri-repeat: nothing appropriate.
tri-rotate: nothing appropriate.
tri-scissor-tri: nothing appropriate.
trispd: nothing appropriate.
tri-square: nothing appropriate.
tri-stencil: nothing appropriate.
tri-stipple: nothing appropriate.
tristrip: nothing appropriate.
tristrip-clip: nothing appropriate.
tristrip-flat: nothing appropriate.
tri-tex: nothing appropriate.
tri-tex-1d: nothing appropriate.
tri-tex-3d: nothing appropriate.
tri-tex-stipple: nothing appropriate.
tri-tri: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-clip: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-edgeflag: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-fog: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-point: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-smooth: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-tri: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-tri-lit: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-userclip: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-userclip-stip: nothing appropriate.
tri-userclip: nothing appropriate.
tri-viewport: nothing appropriate.
tri-z: nothing appropriate.
tri-z-9: nothing appropriate.
tri-z-clip: nothing appropriate.
tri-z-eq: nothing appropriate.
truecrypt2john: nothing appropriate.
tst_plugin: nothing appropriate.
ttf2lff: nothing appropriate.
tty2gif: nothing appropriate.
ttygif: nothing appropriate.
ttyplay: nothing appropriate.
ttyrec: nothing appropriate.
ttytime: nothing appropriate.
tunnel: nothing appropriate.
tunnel2: nothing appropriate.
twist3: nothing appropriate.
twistd3: nothing appropriate.
twoside: nothing appropriate.
type1afm: nothing appropriate.
typeoutfileinfo: nothing appropriate.
u2boat: nothing appropriate.
u2openappid: nothing appropriate.
u2spewfoo: nothing appropriate.
u2streamer: nothing appropriate.
uaf2john: nothing appropriate.
uic: nothing appropriate.
uic3-qt4: nothing appropriate.
uic-qt4: nothing appropriate.
uic-qt5: nothing appropriate.
ultrabayd: nothing appropriate.
umax_pp: nothing appropriate.
umbrello5: nothing appropriate.
unafs: nothing appropriate.
uncrustify-kf5: nothing appropriate.
undrop: nothing appropriate.
unionfsctl: nothing appropriate.
unique: nothing appropriate.
unix-lpr.sh: nothing appropriate.
unmunch: nothing appropriate.
unprocessed_raw: nothing appropriate.
unrule: nothing appropriate.
unshadow: nothing appropriate.
unsquashfs: nothing appropriate.
unterm: nothing appropriate.
untoast: nothing appropriate.
unzip-mem: nothing appropriate.
unzzip: nothing appropriate.
unzzip-big: nothing appropriate.
unzzip-mem: nothing appropriate.
unzzip-mix: nothing appropriate.
upbibtex: nothing appropriate.
update-menus: nothing appropriate.
update-pciids: nothing appropriate.
updmap-user: nothing appropriate.
updvitomp: nothing appropriate.
updvitype: nothing appropriate.
upmendex: nothing appropriate.
uriparse: nothing appropriate.
UserFeedbackConsole: nothing appropriate.
userfeedbackctl: nothing appropriate.
utf8mex: nothing appropriate.
UTscapy: nothing appropriate.
UTscapy2: nothing appropriate.
uu-base32: nothing appropriate.
uu-base64: nothing appropriate.
uu-basename: nothing appropriate.
uu-cat: nothing appropriate.
uu-chgrp: nothing appropriate.
uu-chmod: nothing appropriate.
uu-chown: nothing appropriate.
uu-chroot: nothing appropriate.
uu-cksum: nothing appropriate.
uuclient: nothing appropriate.
uu-comm: nothing appropriate.
uu-cp: nothing appropriate.
uu-cut: nothing appropriate.
uu-dircolors: nothing appropriate.
uu-dirname: nothing appropriate.
uu-du: nothing appropriate.
uu-echo: nothing appropriate.
uu-env: nothing appropriate.
uu-expand: nothing appropriate.
uu-expr: nothing appropriate.
uu-factor: nothing appropriate.
uu-false: nothing appropriate.
uu-fmt: nothing appropriate.
uu-fold: nothing appropriate.
uu-groups: nothing appropriate.
uu-hashsum: nothing appropriate.
uu-head: nothing appropriate.
uu-hostid: nothing appropriate.
uu-hostname: nothing appropriate.
uu-id: nothing appropriate.
uu-install: nothing appropriate.
uu-join: nothing appropriate.
uu-kill: nothing appropriate.
uu-link: nothing appropriate.
uu-ln: nothing appropriate.
uu-logname: nothing appropriate.
uu-ls: nothing appropriate.
uu-mkdir: nothing appropriate.
uu-mkfifo: nothing appropriate.
uu-mknod: nothing appropriate.
uu-mktemp: nothing appropriate.
uu-more: nothing appropriate.
uu-mv: nothing appropriate.
uu-nice: nothing appropriate.
uu-nl: nothing appropriate.
uu-nohup: nothing appropriate.
uu-nproc: nothing appropriate.
uu-numfmt: nothing appropriate.
uu-od: nothing appropriate.
uu-paste: nothing appropriate.
uu-pathchk: nothing appropriate.
uu-pinky: nothing appropriate.
uu-printenv: nothing appropriate.
uu-printf: nothing appropriate.
uu-ptx: nothing appropriate.
uu-pwd: nothing appropriate.
uu-readlink: nothing appropriate.
uu-realpath: nothing appropriate.
uu-relpath: nothing appropriate.
uu-rm: nothing appropriate.
uu-rmdir: nothing appropriate.
uu-seq: nothing appropriate.
uuserver: nothing appropriate.
uu-shred: nothing appropriate.
uu-shuf: nothing appropriate.
uu-sleep: nothing appropriate.
uu-sort: nothing appropriate.
uu-split: nothing appropriate.
uu-stat: nothing appropriate.
uu-stdbuf: nothing appropriate.
uu-sum: nothing appropriate.
uu-sync: nothing appropriate.
uu-tac: nothing appropriate.
uu-tail: nothing appropriate.
uu-tee: nothing appropriate.
uu-test: nothing appropriate.
uu-timeout: nothing appropriate.
uu-touch: nothing appropriate.
uu-tr: nothing appropriate.
uu-true: nothing appropriate.
uu-truncate: nothing appropriate.
uu-tsort: nothing appropriate.
uu-tty: nothing appropriate.
uu-uname: nothing appropriate.
uu-unexpand: nothing appropriate.
uu-uniq: nothing appropriate.
uu-unlink: nothing appropriate.
uu-uptime: nothing appropriate.
uu-users: nothing appropriate.
uu-wc: nothing appropriate.
uu-who: nothing appropriate.
uu-whoami: nothing appropriate.
uu-yes: nothing appropriate.
uz: nothing appropriate.
v4l2-dbg: nothing appropriate.
v4l2-sysfs-path: nothing appropriate.
vala: nothing appropriate.
vala-0.48: nothing appropriate.
vala-panel-extras-gtop: nothing appropriate.
vao_demo: nothing appropriate.
vba_extract2.py: nothing appropriate.
vbc: nothing appropriate.
vbo: nothing appropriate.
vbo-drawarrays: nothing appropriate.
vbo-drawarrays-2101010: nothing appropriate.
vbo-drawelements: nothing appropriate.
vbo-drawrange: nothing appropriate.
vbo-noninterleaved: nothing appropriate.
vbo-tri: nothing appropriate.
VBox: nothing appropriate.
vboxballoonctrl: nothing appropriate.
VBoxBalloonCtrl: nothing appropriate.
VBoxClient: nothing appropriate.
VBoxClient-all: nothing appropriate.
VBoxControl: nothing appropriate.
VBoxDRMClient: nothing appropriate.
vboxheadless: nothing appropriate.
VBoxHeadless: nothing appropriate.
vboximg-mount: nothing appropriate.
vboxmanage: nothing appropriate.
VBoxManage: nothing appropriate.
vboxreload: nothing appropriate.
vboxsdl: nothing appropriate.
VBoxSDL: nothing appropriate.
VBoxService: nothing appropriate.
vboxtool: nothing appropriate.
VBoxTunctl: nothing appropriate.
vboxwebsrv: nothing appropriate.
vdb_print: nothing appropriate.
vdi2john: nothing appropriate.
vdpauinfo: nothing appropriate.
verify-uselistorder: nothing appropriate.
vertexrate: nothing appropriate.
vert-or-frag-only: nothing appropriate.
vert-tex: nothing appropriate.
vglclient: nothing appropriate.
vglconfig: nothing appropriate.
vglconnect: nothing appropriate.
vglgenkey: nothing appropriate.
vgllogin: nothing appropriate.
vglrun: nothing appropriate.
vglserver_config: nothing appropriate.
vglxinfo: nothing appropriate.
virtinterfaced: nothing appropriate.
virtlxcd: nothing appropriate.
virtnetworkd: nothing appropriate.
virtnodedevd: nothing appropriate.
virtnwfilterd: nothing appropriate.
virtproxyd: nothing appropriate.
virtqemud: nothing appropriate.
virtsecretd: nothing appropriate.
virtstoraged: nothing appropriate.
virtualbox: nothing appropriate.
VirtualBox: nothing appropriate.
virtualenv-clone: nothing appropriate.
virtvboxd: nothing appropriate.
visualinfo: nothing appropriate.
vkconfig: nothing appropriate.
vkcube: nothing appropriate.
vkcubepp: nothing appropriate.
vkreplay: nothing appropriate.
vktrace: nothing appropriate.
vktracedump: nothing appropriate.
vktraceviewer: nothing appropriate.
vmaf_feature: nothing appropriate.
vmafossexec: nothing appropriate.
vmaf_rc: nothing appropriate.
vmhgfs-fuse: nothing appropriate.
vm-support: nothing appropriate.
vmtoolsd: nothing appropriate.
vmware-checkvm: nothing appropriate.
vmwarectrl: nothing appropriate.
vmware-hgfsclient: nothing appropriate.
vmware-namespace-cmd: nothing appropriate.
vmware-rpctool: nothing appropriate.
vmware-toolbox-cmd: nothing appropriate.
vmware-user: nothing appropriate.
vmware-user-suid-wrapper: nothing appropriate.
vmware-vmblock-fuse: nothing appropriate.
vmware-xdg-detect-de: nothing appropriate.
vmware-xferlogs: nothing appropriate.
vmx2john: nothing appropriate.
vncpcap2john: nothing appropriate.
voicechanger-tui: nothing appropriate.
vp-array: nothing appropriate.
vp-array-hf: nothing appropriate.
vp-array-int: nothing appropriate.
vp-clip: nothing appropriate.
vpl2ovp: nothing appropriate.
vpl2vpl: nothing appropriate.
vp-line-clip: nothing appropriate.
vpnc-disconnect: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-cb: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-cb-pos: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-cb-tex: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-imm: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-invariant: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-swap: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-tex: nothing appropriate.
vp-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
vpxdec: nothing appropriate.
vpxenc: nothing appropriate.
vsraytrace: nothing appropriate.
vte-2.91: nothing appropriate.
vterm-ctrl: nothing appropriate.
vterm-dump: nothing appropriate.
vtkEncodeString: nothing appropriate.
vtkParseJava: nothing appropriate.
vtkpython: nothing appropriate.
vtkWrapHierarchy: nothing appropriate.
vtkWrapJava: nothing appropriate.
vtkWrapPython: nothing appropriate.
vtkWrapPythonInit: nothing appropriate.
vulkaninfo: nothing appropriate.
waitress-serve: nothing appropriate.
wasm-ld: nothing appropriate.
wayland-scanner: nothing appropriate.
wcgrep: nothing appropriate.
weather: nothing appropriate.
WebKitWebDriver: nothing appropriate.
webpng: nothing appropriate.
wheel: nothing appropriate.
whoismac: nothing appropriate.
wifi-menu: nothing appropriate.
wincopy: nothing appropriate.
wine64: nothing appropriate.
wine64-preloader: nothing appropriate.
wine-preloader: nothing appropriate.
winicontopam: nothing appropriate.
winpopup-install: nothing appropriate.
winpopup-send: nothing appropriate.
winpos: nothing appropriate.
wiper.sh: nothing appropriate.
wires: nothing appropriate.
wish8.6: nothing appropriate.
wlangenpmk: nothing appropriate.
wlangenpmkocl: nothing appropriate.
wlanhcx2john: nothing appropriate.
wlanhcx2ssid: nothing appropriate.
wlanhcxcat: nothing appropriate.
wlanhcxinfo: nothing appropriate.
wlanjohn2hcx: nothing appropriate.
wlanpmk2hcx: nothing appropriate.
wlanwkp2hcx: nothing appropriate.
wl-clip: nothing appropriate.
wl-copy: nothing appropriate.
wl-paste: nothing appropriate.
wmd: nothing appropriate.
wmiexec.py: nothing appropriate.
wmipersist.py: nothing appropriate.
wmiquery.py: nothing appropriate.
wnckprop: nothing appropriate.
wnck-urgency-monitor: nothing appropriate.
woff2_compress: nothing appropriate.
woff2_decompress: nothing appropriate.
woff2_info: nothing appropriate.
wofm2opl: nothing appropriate.
wol-e: nothing appropriate.
wopl2ofm: nothing appropriate.
wordforms: nothing appropriate.
wordlist2hunspell: nothing appropriate.
wovf2ovp: nothing appropriate.
wovp2ovf: nothing appropriate.
wpapcap2john: nothing appropriate.
wrmsr: nothing appropriate.
wsdl2: nothing appropriate.
wsdump.py: nothing appropriate.
wx-config: nothing appropriate.
wx-config-gtk3: nothing appropriate.
wxrc: nothing appropriate.
wxrc-3.0: nothing appropriate.
x264: nothing appropriate.
x265: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-c++: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-c++-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-c++-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-g++: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-g++-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-g++-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-10.2.0: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-8.4.0: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-9.3.0: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ar: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ar-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ar-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-nm: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-nm-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-nm-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ranlib: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ranlib-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ranlib-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gfortran: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-pkg-config: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-c++: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-cc: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-cpp: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-dllwrap: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-g++: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcc: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcc-10.2.0: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcc-ar: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcc-nm: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcc-ranlib: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcov: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcov-dump: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcov-tool: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gfortran: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnat: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatbind: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatchop: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatclean: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatfind: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatkr: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatlink: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatls: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatmake: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatname: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatprep: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatxref: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-ld.bfd: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-lto-dump: nothing appropriate.
xdg-dbus-proxy: nothing appropriate.
xdg_menu: nothing appropriate.
xdg_menu_su: nothing appropriate.
xdg-user-dirs-gtk-update: nothing appropriate.
xdot2: nothing appropriate.
xdvi-xaw: nothing appropriate.
xeglgears: nothing appropriate.
xeglthreads: nothing appropriate.
xembedsniproxy: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-about: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-appfinder: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-clipman: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-clipman-history: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-clipman-settings: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-kiosk-query: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-notes: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-notes-settings: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-panel: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-pm-helper: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-applicationsmenu: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-clipman: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-clipman-actions: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-directorymenu: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-notes: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-windowmenu: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-screensaver-configure: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-taskmanager: nothing appropriate.
xfconf-query: nothing appropriate.
xfont: nothing appropriate.
xfpm-power-backlight-helper: nothing appropriate.
xfrun4: nothing appropriate.
xfwm4: nothing appropriate.
xfwm4-settings: nothing appropriate.
xfwm4-tweaks-settings: nothing appropriate.
xfwm4-workspace-settings: nothing appropriate.
xglyph: nothing appropriate.
xhlatex: nothing appropriate.
xindex: nothing appropriate.
xindy.run: nothing appropriate.
xinitrcsession-helper: nothing appropriate.
xmdump2: nothing appropriate.
xmdump3: nothing appropriate.
xmi2pot5: nothing appropriate.
xmlpatterns: nothing appropriate.
xmlpatterns-qt4: nothing appropriate.
xmlpatternsvalidator: nothing appropriate.
xmlpatternsvalidator-qt4: nothing appropriate.
xmltex: nothing appropriate.
xmlwf: nothing appropriate.
xpstat: nothing appropriate.
xq: nothing appropriate.
xrced2: nothing appropriate.
xrotfontdemo: nothing appropriate.
xslt-config: nothing appropriate.
Xspice: nothing appropriate.
xspike: nothing appropriate.
xtables-legacy-multi: nothing appropriate.
xtables-nft-multi: nothing appropriate.
xtermcolor: nothing appropriate.
xtermcolor2: nothing appropriate.
xtrace: nothing appropriate.
xtractprotos: nothing appropriate.
Xwayland: nothing appropriate.
y2racc: nothing appropriate.
y4mblack: nothing appropriate.
y4mhist: nothing appropriate.
y4minterlace: nothing appropriate.
y4mivtc: nothing appropriate.
y4mshift: nothing appropriate.
y4mspatialfilter: nothing appropriate.
y4mstabilizer: nothing appropriate.
y4mtoyuv: nothing appropriate.
yaft_wall: nothing appropriate.
yakuake: nothing appropriate.
yaml2obj: nothing appropriate.
yaml-bench: nothing appropriate.
yank: nothing appropriate.
yarn: nothing appropriate.
yarnpkg: nothing appropriate.
yasca: nothing appropriate.
yat2m: nothing appropriate.
yelp: nothing appropriate.
ypipe: nothing appropriate.
yq: nothing appropriate.
yuvcorrect: nothing appropriate.
yuvcorrect_tune: nothing appropriate.
yuvdeinterlace: nothing appropriate.
yuv-distortion: nothing appropriate.
yuy2topam: nothing appropriate.
yuyvtoy4m: nothing appropriate.
z3: nothing appropriate.
zbarcam-gtk: nothing appropriate.
zbarcam-qt: nothing appropriate.
zegrep: nothing appropriate.
zfgrep: nothing appropriate.
zip2john: nothing appropriate.
zoom: nothing appropriate.
zsh-5.8: nothing appropriate.
zstdmt: nothing appropriate.
zzcat: nothing appropriate.
zzdir: nothing appropriate.
zzxorcat: nothing appropriate.
zzxorcopy: nothing appropriate.
zzxordir: nothing appropriate.
[: nothing appropriate.
1password2john: nothing appropriate.
2to3: nothing appropriate.
2to3-2.7: nothing appropriate.
2to3-3.8: nothing appropriate.
4channels: nothing appropriate.
7z2john: nothing appropriate.
a2ping: nothing appropriate.
a2x.py: nothing appropriate.
a5toa4: nothing appropriate.
aalib-config: nothing appropriate.
abcconvert: nothing appropriate.
abcdiff: nothing appropriate.
abcecho: nothing appropriate.
abcechobounds: nothing appropriate.
abcls: nothing appropriate.
abcstitcher: nothing appropriate.
abctree: nothing appropriate.
acceleration_speed: nothing appropriate.
acol: nothing appropriate.
activate-global-python-argcomplete: nothing appropriate.
activate-global-python-argcomplete2: nothing appropriate.
addcomputer.py: nothing appropriate.
adhocfilelist: nothing appropriate.
advtest: nothing appropriate.
adxcsouf2john: nothing appropriate.
aem2john: nothing appropriate.
aeson-pretty: nothing appropriate.
affixcompress: nothing appropriate.
afm2afm: nothing appropriate.
afpfs: nothing appropriate.
against: nothing appropriate.
ag-backup: nothing appropriate.
aggregate_profile.pl: nothing appropriate.
ag-tool: nothing appropriate.
aiodnsbrute: nothing appropriate.
air: nothing appropriate.
air-counter: nothing appropriate.
airoscript-ng: nothing appropriate.
aix2john: nothing appropriate.
alsabat-test.sh: nothing appropriate.
alsa_delay: nothing appropriate.
alsa_loopback: nothing appropriate.
alsoft-config: nothing appropriate.
amd_hdmi_compliance: nothing appropriate.
amptest: nothing appropriate.
amrnb-dec: nothing appropriate.
amrnb-enc: nothing appropriate.
amrwb-dec: nothing appropriate.
amuFormat.sh: nothing appropriate.
analyze: nothing appropriate.
andotp2john: nothing appropriate.
androidbackup2john: nothing appropriate.
androidfde2john: nothing appropriate.
angr-management: nothing appropriate.
annotate: nothing appropriate.
ansible2john: nothing appropriate.
ansible-connection: nothing appropriate.
ansible-test: nothing appropriate.
anytovcd.sh: nothing appropriate.
aomdec: nothing appropriate.
aomenc: nothing appropriate.
apex2john: nothing appropriate.
appid_detector_builder.sh: nothing appropriate.
applenotes2john: nothing appropriate.
apr-1-config: nothing appropriate.
apu-1-config: nothing appropriate.
arachni: nothing appropriate.
arachni-console: nothing appropriate.
arachni-multi: nothing appropriate.
arachni-reporter: nothing appropriate.
arachni-restore: nothing appropriate.
arachni-rest-server: nothing appropriate.
arachni-rpc: nothing appropriate.
arachni-rpcd: nothing appropriate.
arachni-rpcd-monitor: nothing appropriate.
arachni-script: nothing appropriate.
arara: nothing appropriate.
arbfplight: nothing appropriate.
arbfslight: nothing appropriate.
arbocclude: nothing appropriate.
arbocclude2: nothing appropriate.
archbuild: nothing appropriate.
archco: nothing appropriate.
archey3: nothing appropriate.
archive: nothing appropriate.
archive-cleaner: nothing appropriate.
archlinux-java: nothing appropriate.
arch-meson: nothing appropriate.
arch-nspawn: nothing appropriate.
archrelease: nothing appropriate.
argbash: nothing appropriate.
argbash-1to2: nothing appropriate.
argbash-init: nothing appropriate.
argon2: nothing appropriate.
arlatex: nothing appropriate.
artikulate: nothing appropriate.
artikulate_editor: nothing appropriate.
aruba2john: nothing appropriate.
asciiCalc: nothing appropriate.
asciidoc.py: nothing appropriate.
asciiGraph: nothing appropriate.
asciinema.sh: nothing appropriate.
asciiquarium: nothing appropriate.
asciistuff: nothing appropriate.
asciistuff2: nothing appropriate.
aserver: nothing appropriate.
aslist: nothing appropriate.
asoundconf-gtk: nothing appropriate.
assimp: nothing appropriate.
assistant: nothing appropriate.
assistant-qt4: nothing appropriate.
assistant-qt5: nothing appropriate.
asus-fan-control: nothing appropriate.
asus-fan-create-symlinks.sh: nothing appropriate.
asus-kbd-backlight: nothing appropriate.
atexec.py: nothing appropriate.
autoinst: nothing appropriate.
automat-visualize: nothing appropriate.
autopasswd: nothing appropriate.
autopsy: nothing appropriate.
autopwn: nothing appropriate.
autopwn-cli: nothing appropriate.
avahi-discover-standalone: nothing appropriate.
avinfo: nothing appropriate.
avstopam: nothing appropriate.
avtest: nothing appropriate.
axcrypt2john: nothing appropriate.
b2: nothing appropriate.
bactl: nothing appropriate.
ba-dev: nothing appropriate.
balbuzard: nothing appropriate.
balooctl: nothing appropriate.
baloo_file: nothing appropriate.
baloo_file_extractor: nothing appropriate.
baloosearch: nothing appropriate.
balooshow: nothing appropriate.
balsam: nothing appropriate.
base64conv: nothing appropriate.
bazel: nothing appropriate.
bazel-real: nothing appropriate.
bbcrack: nothing appropriate.
bbharvest: nothing appropriate.
bbtrans: nothing appropriate.
bcmfw: nothing appropriate.
bdaddr: nothing appropriate.
bdftogd: nothing appropriate.
bd_info: nothing appropriate.
bestcrypt2john: nothing appropriate.
bezier: nothing appropriate.
bg5+latex: nothing appropriate.
bg5latex: nothing appropriate.
bg5+pdflatex: nothing appropriate.
bg5pdflatex: nothing appropriate.
bgrep: nothing appropriate.
bgtask: nothing appropriate.
bingrep: nothing appropriate.
bitcoin2john: nothing appropriate.
bitlocker2john: nothing appropriate.
bitshares2john: nothing appropriate.
bitwarden2john: nothing appropriate.
bjam: nothing appropriate.
bjoentegaard: nothing appropriate.
bks2john: nothing appropriate.
blackarch64-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
blackarcharm-aarch64-build: nothing appropriate.
blackbox-scanner: nothing appropriate.
blackman: nothing appropriate.
blender-softwaregl: nothing appropriate.
blender-thumbnailer.py: nothing appropriate.
blinking-teapot: nothing appropriate.
blockchain2john: nothing appropriate.
block-rate-estim: nothing appropriate.
blood-elf: nothing appropriate.
bluedevil-sendfile: nothing appropriate.
bluedevil-wizard: nothing appropriate.
bluemoon: nothing appropriate.
bluetoothctl: nothing appropriate.
bluetooth-player: nothing appropriate.
bneptest: nothing appropriate.
bokken: nothing appropriate.
boop: nothing appropriate.
boopsniff: nothing appropriate.
boopsniff-gui: nothing appropriate.
boopstrike: nothing appropriate.
bounce: nothing appropriate.
boxdumper: nothing appropriate.
bpf_asm: nothing appropriate.
bpf_dbg: nothing appropriate.
bpf_jit_disasm: nothing appropriate.
breeze-settings5: nothing appropriate.
brick: nothing appropriate.
brotli: nothing appropriate.
brute-force: nothing appropriate.
brutemap: nothing appropriate.
brutespray: nothing appropriate.
brutessh: nothing appropriate.
brutex: nothing appropriate.
brutex-masscan: nothing appropriate.
brutexss: nothing appropriate.
bs2bconvert: nothing appropriate.
bs2bstream: nothing appropriate.
btconfig: nothing appropriate.
btgatt-client: nothing appropriate.
btgatt-server: nothing appropriate.
btinfo: nothing appropriate.
btiotest: nothing appropriate.
btmgmt: nothing appropriate.
btmon: nothing appropriate.
btpclient: nothing appropriate.
btproxy: nothing appropriate.
btsnoop: nothing appropriate.
build_filelist: nothing appropriate.
build-progress.sh: nothing appropriate.
bumblebee-bugreport: nothing appropriate.
bump: nothing appropriate.
bundle: nothing appropriate.
bundle-2.3: nothing appropriate.
bundledoc: nothing appropriate.
bundler: nothing appropriate.
bunnyducky: nothing appropriate.
bzdiff: nothing appropriate.
bzgrep: nothing appropriate.
bzmore: nothing appropriate.
bzr: nothing appropriate.
bzr-receive-pack: nothing appropriate.
bzr-upload-pack: nothing appropriate.
c: nothing appropriate.
c++: nothing appropriate.
c++-8: nothing appropriate.
c89: nothing appropriate.
c89-9: nothing appropriate.
c++-9: nothing appropriate.
c99-9: nothing appropriate.
cacaclock: nothing appropriate.
cairo-sphinx: nothing appropriate.
cairo-trace: nothing appropriate.
calc_stat: nothing appropriate.
canberra-boot: nothing appropriate.
canberra-gtk-play: nothing appropriate.
canbusutil: nothing appropriate.
cap2hccapx: nothing appropriate.
cargo: nothing appropriate.
cargo-clippy: nothing appropriate.
cargo-fmt: nothing appropriate.
cargo-fuzz: nothing appropriate.
cargo-miri: nothing appropriate.
caspol: nothing appropriate.
catchsegv: nothing appropriate.
cb: nothing appropriate.
cc: nothing appropriate.
cc-8: nothing appropriate.
cc-9: nothing appropriate.
ccache2john: nothing appropriate.
ccache-swig: nothing appropriate.
c++-copy-class-and-file: nothing appropriate.
cd-iccdump: nothing appropriate.
cef5latex: nothing appropriate.
cef5pdflatex: nothing appropriate.
ceflatex: nothing appropriate.
cefpdflatex: nothing appropriate.
cefslatex: nothing appropriate.
cefspdflatex: nothing appropriate.
cf: nothing appropriate.
cftp3: nothing appropriate.
cgc: nothing appropriate.
cgroup_event_listener: nothing appropriate.
chaosreader: nothing appropriate.
chardetect: nothing appropriate.
chardetect-py2: nothing appropriate.
cheat-sh: nothing appropriate.
checkbandwidth: nothing appropriate.
checkcites: nothing appropriate.
check_hd: nothing appropriate.
checklistings: nothing appropriate.
check-selftest: nothing appropriate.
chklref: nothing appropriate.
chmorph: nothing appropriate.
cht.sh: nothing appropriate.
cifsiostat: nothing appropriate.
c-index-test: nothing appropriate.
cisco2john: nothing appropriate.
cistopbm: nothing appropriate.
citadel: nothing appropriate.
cjk-gs-integrate: nothing appropriate.
ckeygen3: nothing appropriate.
clang++: nothing appropriate.
clang-10: nothing appropriate.
clang-apply-replacements: nothing appropriate.
clang-change-namespace: nothing appropriate.
clang-check: nothing appropriate.
clang-cl: nothing appropriate.
clang-cpp: nothing appropriate.
clangd: nothing appropriate.
clang-doc: nothing appropriate.
clang-extdef-mapping: nothing appropriate.
clang-format: nothing appropriate.
clang-import-test: nothing appropriate.
clang-include-fixer: nothing appropriate.
clang-move: nothing appropriate.
clang-offload-bundler: nothing appropriate.
clang-offload-wrapper: nothing appropriate.
clang-query: nothing appropriate.
clang-refactor: nothing appropriate.
clang-rename: nothing appropriate.
clang-reorder-fields: nothing appropriate.
clang-scan-deps: nothing appropriate.
clang-tidy: nothing appropriate.
cleanup-rules: nothing appropriate.
clear-color: nothing appropriate.
clear-fbo: nothing appropriate.
clear-fbo-scissor: nothing appropriate.
clear-fbo-tex: nothing appropriate.
clear-random: nothing appropriate.
clear-repeat: nothing appropriate.
clear-scissor: nothing appropriate.
clearspd: nothing appropriate.
clear-undefined: nothing appropriate.
clipgrab: nothing appropriate.
clippy-driver: nothing appropriate.
clit: nothing appropriate.
cllualatex: nothing appropriate.
clmake: nothing appropriate.
clmake-short: nothing appropriate.
cltest: nothing appropriate.
cluttex: nothing appropriate.
clxelatex: nothing appropriate.
cmospwd: nothing appropriate.
cmsmap: nothing appropriate.
code2color: nothing appropriate.
code-oss: nothing appropriate.
codepage: nothing appropriate.
colcon: nothing appropriate.
coloredlogs: nothing appropriate.
coloredlogs2: nothing appropriate.
colorgcc: nothing appropriate.
colorize: nothing appropriate.
colormake-short: nothing appropriate.
colorsvn: nothing appropriate.
colourpipe.ecj: nothing appropriate.
colourpipe.ecj.jar: nothing appropriate.
colourpipe.javac: nothing appropriate.
colourpipe.javac.jar: nothing appropriate.
combinator: nothing appropriate.
combinator3: nothing appropriate.
combipow: nothing appropriate.
commitpkg: nothing appropriate.
community2extra: nothing appropriate.
communityco: nothing appropriate.
communitypkg: nothing appropriate.
community-stagingpkg: nothing appropriate.
community-testingpkg: nothing appropriate.
conch3: nothing appropriate.
configure-printer: nothing appropriate.
conf.py: nothing appropriate.
conky: nothing appropriate.
conky-convert.lua: nothing appropriate.
conplay: nothing appropriate.
containerd: nothing appropriate.
containerd-shim: nothing appropriate.
containerd-shim-runc-v1: nothing appropriate.
containerd-shim-runc-v2: nothing appropriate.
containerd-stress: nothing appropriate.
context: nothing appropriate.
contextjit: nothing appropriate.
convert-dtsv0: nothing appropriate.
convertfilestopdf: nothing appropriate.
convertfilestops: nothing appropriate.
convertformat: nothing appropriate.
convert_hd: nothing appropriate.
convert-mans: nothing appropriate.
convertsegfilestopdf: nothing appropriate.
convertsegfilestops: nothing appropriate.
converttopdf: nothing appropriate.
converttops: nothing appropriate.
convolutions: nothing appropriate.
copypix: nothing appropriate.
copytex: nothing appropriate.
corrupt_mpeg2: nothing appropriate.
count: nothing appropriate.
cout: nothing appropriate.
coverage: nothing appropriate.
coverage3: nothing appropriate.
coverage-3.8: nothing appropriate.
cowpy: nothing appropriate.
cowpy2: nothing appropriate.
cowpy.bat: nothing appropriate.
cowpy.bat2: nothing appropriate.
cpp-8: nothing appropriate.
cpp-9: nothing appropriate.
cprepair: nothing appropriate.
cpufreq-bench: nothing appropriate.
cpufreq-bench_plot.sh: nothing appropriate.
cpustat: nothing appropriate.
cracf2john: nothing appropriate.
cracklib-check: nothing appropriate.
cracklib-format: nothing appropriate.
cracklib-packer: nothing appropriate.
cracklib-unpacker: nothing appropriate.
crackqcli: nothing appropriate.
create-cracklib-dict: nothing appropriate.
create-image: nothing appropriate.
create_svnignore: nothing appropriate.
createwin: nothing appropriate.
c++-rename-class-and-file: nothing appropriate.
croco-0.6-config: nothing appropriate.
crossrepomove: nothing appropriate.
crowbar: nothing appropriate.
cryptohazemultiforcer: nothing appropriate.
csc: nothing appropriate.
csi: nothing appropriate.
csplain: nothing appropriate.
csslint-0.6: nothing appropriate.
cstool: nothing appropriate.
ct3_to_ntlm: nothing appropriate.
ctanbib: nothing appropriate.
ctanify: nothing appropriate.
ctan-o-mat: nothing appropriate.
ctanupload: nothing appropriate.
ctdb_local_daemons: nothing appropriate.
ctdb_run_cluster_tests: nothing appropriate.
ctdb_run_tests: nothing appropriate.
ctr: nothing appropriate.
cubemap: nothing appropriate.
cuberender: nothing appropriate.
cudahashcat: nothing appropriate.
cuneiform: nothing appropriate.
cups-config: nothing appropriate.
curlie: nothing appropriate.
curve_keygen: nothing appropriate.
cutb: nothing appropriate.
Cutter: nothing appropriate.
cvsaddcurrentdir: nothing appropriate.
cvsaskpass: nothing appropriate.
cvsbackport: nothing appropriate.
cvsblame: nothing appropriate.
cvs-clean: nothing appropriate.
cvsforwardport: nothing appropriate.
cvsservice5: nothing appropriate.
cvsversion: nothing appropriate.
cwdiff: nothing appropriate.
cx18-ctl: nothing appropriate.
cymruwhois: nothing appropriate.
daq-modules-config: nothing appropriate.
dashlane2john: nothing appropriate.
dav1d: nothing appropriate.
db_archive: nothing appropriate.
db_checkpoint: nothing appropriate.
db_deadlock: nothing appropriate.
db_dump: nothing appropriate.
db_hotbackup: nothing appropriate.
db_load: nothing appropriate.
db_log_verify: nothing appropriate.
db_printlog: nothing appropriate.
db_recover: nothing appropriate.
db_replicate: nothing appropriate.
db_stat: nothing appropriate.
db_tuner: nothing appropriate.
db_upgrade: nothing appropriate.
db_verify: nothing appropriate.
dcomexec.py: nothing appropriate.
dcraw_emu: nothing appropriate.
dcraw_half: nothing appropriate.
ddcmon: nothing appropriate.
ddg3: nothing appropriate.
dec265: nothing appropriate.
decode-edid: nothing appropriate.
decode_tm6000: nothing appropriate.
deepsound2john: nothing appropriate.
deepspeech: nothing appropriate.
de-macro: nothing appropriate.
dep: nothing appropriate.
depythontex: nothing appropriate.
deriv: nothing appropriate.
designer: nothing appropriate.
designer-qt4: nothing appropriate.
designer-qt5: nothing appropriate.
deskey_to_ntlm: nothing appropriate.
dialog-config: nothing appropriate.
dinoshade: nothing appropriate.
dirb-gendict: nothing appropriate.
dirnamen: nothing appropriate.
disable-paste: nothing appropriate.
diskcryptor2john: nothing appropriate.
display-buttons: nothing appropriate.
display-coords: nothing appropriate.
dissolve: nothing appropriate.
distro: nothing appropriate.
distro2: nothing appropriate.
ditaa: nothing appropriate.
dlist-begin-call-end: nothing appropriate.
dlist-dangling: nothing appropriate.
dlist-degenerate: nothing appropriate.
dlist-edgeflag: nothing appropriate.
dlist-edgeflag-dangling: nothing appropriate.
dlist-flat-tri: nothing appropriate.
dlist-mat-tri: nothing appropriate.
dlist-recursive-call: nothing appropriate.
dlist_test: nothing appropriate.
dlist-tri-flat-tri: nothing appropriate.
dlist-tri-mat-tri: nothing appropriate.
dmcs: nothing appropriate.
dmenu_path: nothing appropriate.
dmenu_run: nothing appropriate.
dmg2john: nothing appropriate.
dnet-config: nothing appropriate.
dnsbrute: nothing appropriate.
dnscobra: nothing appropriate.
dnsenum: nothing appropriate.
dnseval: nothing appropriate.
dnseval.py: nothing appropriate.
dnsping: nothing appropriate.
dnsping.py: nothing appropriate.
dnsspider: nothing appropriate.
dnstraceroute: nothing appropriate.
dnstraceroute.py: nothing appropriate.
docker-compose: nothing appropriate.
docker-init: nothing appropriate.
docker-proxy: nothing appropriate.
dosepsbin: nothing appropriate.
dot_builtins: nothing appropriate.
dotenv: nothing appropriate.
dotnet: nothing appropriate.
DPAPImk2john: nothing appropriate.
dpapi.py: nothing appropriate.
dpcd_reg: nothing appropriate.
dpl4hydra.sh: nothing appropriate.
dprof2calltree: nothing appropriate.
draw2arrays: nothing appropriate.
drawarrays: nothing appropriate.
drawelements: nothing appropriate.
drawelements-large: nothing appropriate.
DRAWEXE: nothing appropriate.
DRAWEXE-7.4.0: nothing appropriate.
draw_lib_dependencies: nothing appropriate.
drawoverhead: nothing appropriate.
drawpix: nothing appropriate.
drawrange: nothing appropriate.
drone: nothing appropriate.
dtc: nothing appropriate.
dtd2rng: nothing appropriate.
dtdiff: nothing appropriate.
dtxgen: nothing appropriate.
ducktools: nothing appropriate.
dul-receive-pack: nothing appropriate.
dul-upload-pack: nothing appropriate.
dulwich: nothing appropriate.
dumpimage: nothing appropriate.
dumpmscat: nothing appropriate.
dumpsexp: nothing appropriate.
dump_syms: nothing appropriate.
dvbv5-daemon: nothing appropriate.
dviasm: nothing appropriate.
dviinfox: nothing appropriate.
dwp: nothing appropriate.
eapmd5tojohn: nothing appropriate.
easy_install: nothing appropriate.
easy_install-2.7: nothing appropriate.
easy_install-3.8: nothing appropriate.
ebtables-nft-restore: nothing appropriate.
ebtables-nft-save: nothing appropriate.
echoerr: nothing appropriate.
ecj-colour: nothing appropriate.
ecpg: nothing appropriate.
ecryptfs2john: nothing appropriate.
eddystone: nothing appropriate.
editorconfig-0.12.3: nothing appropriate.
eeprom: nothing appropriate.
eepromer: nothing appropriate.
efitool-mkusb: nothing appropriate.
efivar-tester: nothing appropriate.
eglgears_x11: nothing appropriate.
eglinfo: nothing appropriate.
eglkms: nothing appropriate.
egltri_x11: nothing appropriate.
einfo: nothing appropriate.
ejabberd2john: nothing appropriate.
electron7: nothing appropriate.
electrum2john: nothing appropriate.
elf2hex: nothing appropriate.
elisa: nothing appropriate.
enaml-compileall: nothing appropriate.
enaml-run: nothing appropriate.
enc265: nothing appropriate.
encfs2john: nothing appropriate.
enpass2john: nothing appropriate.
enum4linux: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.ash: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.bash: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.csh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.dash: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.fish: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.ksh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.mksh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.pdksh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.sh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.tcsh: nothing appropriate.
env_parallel.zsh: nothing appropriate.
eplain: nothing appropriate.
epstopdf: nothing appropriate.
erb-1.8: nothing appropriate.
erb-1.9: nothing appropriate.
erb-2.3: nothing appropriate.
es2gears_wayland: nothing appropriate.
es2gears_x11: nothing appropriate.
es2_info: nothing appropriate.
es2tri: nothing appropriate.
escapesrc: nothing appropriate.
escp2topbm: nothing appropriate.
esentutl.py: nothing appropriate.
espeak: nothing appropriate.
estimator_ckpt_converter: nothing appropriate.
etex: nothing appropriate.
ethereum2john: nothing appropriate.
eu-addr2line: nothing appropriate.
eu-ar: nothing appropriate.
eu-elfcmp: nothing appropriate.
eu-elfcompress: nothing appropriate.
eu-elflint: nothing appropriate.
eu-findtextrel: nothing appropriate.
eu-make-debug-archive: nothing appropriate.
eu-nm: nothing appropriate.
eu-objdump: nothing appropriate.
eu-ranlib: nothing appropriate.
eu-size: nothing appropriate.
eu-stack: nothing appropriate.
eu-strings: nothing appropriate.
eu-strip: nothing appropriate.
eu-unstrip: nothing appropriate.
evebackup: nothing appropriate.
evelauncher.sh: nothing appropriate.
event_rpcgen.py: nothing appropriate.
everegedit: nothing appropriate.
everestore: nothing appropriate.
evewine: nothing appropriate.
evewinecfg: nothing appropriate.
evewinetricks: nothing appropriate.
ewfdebug: nothing appropriate.
execstack: nothing appropriate.
exo-desktop-item-edit: nothing appropriate.
exo-preferred-applications: nothing appropriate.
expander: nothing appropriate.
exr2aces: nothing appropriate.
exrenvmap: nothing appropriate.
exrheader: nothing appropriate.
exrmakepreview: nothing appropriate.
exrmaketiled: nothing appropriate.
exrmultipart: nothing appropriate.
exrmultiview: nothing appropriate.
exrstdattr: nothing appropriate.
extra2community: nothing appropriate.
extractattr: nothing appropriate.
extrapkg: nothing appropriate.
extraterm: nothing appropriate.
extra-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
f2py: nothing appropriate.
f2py2: nothing appropriate.
f2py2.7: nothing appropriate.
f2py3: nothing appropriate.
f2py3.8: nothing appropriate.
f3brew: nothing appropriate.
f3fix: nothing appropriate.
f3probe: nothing appropriate.
f95: nothing appropriate.
fadot: nothing appropriate.
fast-import-filter: nothing appropriate.
fast-import-info: nothing appropriate.
fast-import-query: nothing appropriate.
fb_config: nothing appropriate.
fbobind: nothing appropriate.
fbo_firecube: nothing appropriate.
fbotexture: nothing appropriate.
fc-cache-32: nothing appropriate.
fc_solve_find_index_s2ints.py: nothing appropriate.
fdtdump: nothing appropriate.
fdtget: nothing appropriate.
fdtoverlay: nothing appropriate.
fdtput: nothing appropriate.
fileinfo: nothing appropriate.
filelight: nothing appropriate.
filezilla2john: nothing appropriate.
fill: nothing appropriate.
find-all-symbols: nothing appropriate.
findDelegation.py: nothing appropriate.
finddeps: nothing appropriate.
find-freecell-deal-index.py: nothing appropriate.
findhyph: nothing appropriate.
findmissingcrystal: nothing appropriate.
findssl.sh: nothing appropriate.
fire: nothing appropriate.
firefox: nothing appropriate.
fitscopy: nothing appropriate.
fiwalk: nothing appropriate.
fix-include.sh: nothing appropriate.
fixkdeincludes: nothing appropriate.
fixqt4headers.pl: nothing appropriate.
fixqt4headers.pl-qt5: nothing appropriate.
fixuifiles: nothing appropriate.
flash-var: nothing appropriate.
flask: nothing appropriate.
flask2: nothing appropriate.
flat-clip: nothing appropriate.
flex++: nothing appropriate.
fly: nothing appropriate.
fmtutil-user: nothing appropriate.
fogcoord: nothing appropriate.
fpack: nothing appropriate.
fpcalc: nothing appropriate.
fplight: nothing appropriate.
fragcoord: nothing appropriate.
fragmaster: nothing appropriate.
freecell-solver-fc-pro-range-solve: nothing appropriate.
freecell-solver-multi-thread-solve: nothing appropriate.
freerdp-proxy: nothing appropriate.
freport: nothing appropriate.
fribidi: nothing appropriate.
frisbeelite: nothing appropriate.
fslight: nothing appropriate.
fsraytrace: nothing appropriate.
fs-tri: nothing appropriate.
ftest: nothing appropriate.
ftestd: nothing appropriate.
ftp-rfc: nothing appropriate.
ftp-scanner: nothing appropriate.
function_grep.pl: nothing appropriate.
funpack: nothing appropriate.
fusermount-glusterfs: nothing appropriate.
futurize: nothing appropriate.
fuzz_option: nothing appropriate.
fw_printenv: nothing appropriate.
fw_setenv: nothing appropriate.
fzf-tmux: nothing appropriate.
g++-8: nothing appropriate.
g++-9: nothing appropriate.
gacutil2: nothing appropriate.
gapi2-codegen: nothing appropriate.
gapi2-fixup: nothing appropriate.
gapi2-parser: nothing appropriate.
gatt-service: nothing appropriate.
gawk-5.1.0: nothing appropriate.
gbklatex: nothing appropriate.
gbkpdflatex: nothing appropriate.
gcc-8: nothing appropriate.
gcc-9: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ar: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ar-8: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ar-9: nothing appropriate.
gcc-nm: nothing appropriate.
gcc-nm-8: nothing appropriate.
gcc-nm-9: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ranlib: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ranlib-8: nothing appropriate.
gcc-ranlib-9: nothing appropriate.
gconf-merge-schema: nothing appropriate.
gconf-merge-tree: nothing appropriate.
gconfpkg: nothing appropriate.
gcron.py: nothing appropriate.
gd2copypal: nothing appropriate.
gd2togif: nothing appropriate.
gd2topng: nothing appropriate.
gdcmpgif: nothing appropriate.
gdialog: nothing appropriate.
gdk-pixbuf-pixdata: nothing appropriate.
gdk-pixbuf-query-loaders-32: nothing appropriate.
gdk-pixbuf-thumbnailer: nothing appropriate.
gdparttopng: nothing appropriate.
gdtopng: nothing appropriate.
gearbox: nothing appropriate.
gears: nothing appropriate.
geartrain: nothing appropriate.
geckodriver: nothing appropriate.
geekbench: nothing appropriate.
geli2john: nothing appropriate.
gem: nothing appropriate.
gem-1.9: nothing appropriate.
gem-2.3: nothing appropriate.
gen-enc-table: nothing appropriate.
generate-rules: nothing appropriate.
genincstats: nothing appropriate.
genmipmap: nothing appropriate.
genmkvpwd: nothing appropriate.
gennorm2: nothing appropriate.
gentrigrams: nothing appropriate.
geom-outlining-130: nothing appropriate.
geom-outlining-150: nothing appropriate.
geom-sprites: nothing appropriate.
geom-stipple-lines: nothing appropriate.
geom-wide-lines: nothing appropriate.
geqn: nothing appropriate.
GetADUsers.py: nothing appropriate.
getArch.py: nothing appropriate.
get_device: nothing appropriate.
get_driver: nothing appropriate.
get_machine: nothing appropriate.
get_module: nothing appropriate.
GetNPUsers.py: nothing appropriate.
getPac.py: nothing appropriate.
getST.py: nothing appropriate.
getsysinfo: nothing appropriate.
gettext.sh: nothing appropriate.
getTGT.py: nothing appropriate.
GetUserSPNs.py: nothing appropriate.
get-versions: nothing appropriate.
gf_attach: nothing appropriate.
gfind_missing_files: nothing appropriate.
gfxbench: nothing appropriate.
ghc-pkg: nothing appropriate.
ghc-pkg-8.10.2: nothing appropriate.
gif2h5: nothing appropriate.
giftogd2: nothing appropriate.
gimagereader-qt5: nothing appropriate.
gio-querymodules-32: nothing appropriate.
git-clang-format: nothing appropriate.
git-icdiff: nothing appropriate.
git-remote-keybase: nothing appropriate.
gkbd-keyboard-display: nothing appropriate.
glav: nothing appropriate.
glava: nothing appropriate.
glewinfo: nothing appropriate.
glfsheal: nothing appropriate.
glinfo: nothing appropriate.
gloss: nothing appropriate.
glreadtest: nothing appropriate.
glslangValidator: nothing appropriate.
glsl-compile-time: nothing appropriate.
glslstateschange: nothing appropriate.
glsync: nothing appropriate.
gltestperf: nothing appropriate.
glthreads: nothing appropriate.
glue: nothing appropriate.
gluster-eventsapi: nothing appropriate.
glustereventsd: nothing appropriate.
glusterfind: nothing appropriate.
gluster-georep-sshkey: nothing appropriate.
gluster-mountbroker: nothing appropriate.
glxcontexts: nothing appropriate.
glxdemo: nothing appropriate.
glxgears: nothing appropriate.
glxgears_fbconfig: nothing appropriate.
glxgears_pixmap: nothing appropriate.
glxheads: nothing appropriate.
glxinfo: nothing appropriate.
glxpbdemo: nothing appropriate.
glxpixmap: nothing appropriate.
glxsnoop: nothing appropriate.
glxspheres64: nothing appropriate.
glxswapcontrol: nothing appropriate.
gmenudbusmenuproxy: nothing appropriate.
gmock-config.in: nothing appropriate.
gnome-help: nothing appropriate.
gnome-unstablepkg: nothing appropriate.
gnome-unstable-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
go: nothing appropriate.
gofmt: nothing appropriate.
goldenPac.py: nothing appropriate.
google-oauthlib-tool: nothing appropriate.
gpartedbin: nothing appropriate.
gpg2: nothing appropriate.
gpg2john: nothing appropriate.
gpg-error: nothing appropriate.
gpg-error-config: nothing appropriate.
gpgme-config: nothing appropriate.
gpgme-json: nothing appropriate.
gpgme-tool: nothing appropriate.
gpgscm: nothing appropriate.
gpgv2: nothing appropriate.
gphoto2-config: nothing appropriate.
gphoto2-port-config: nothing appropriate.
gr2fonttest: nothing appropriate.
gradle: nothing appropriate.
grantlee_strings_extractor.py: nothing appropriate.
gregorio: nothing appropriate.
grub-theme-creator: nothing appropriate.
gsc: nothing appropriate.
gsraytrace: nothing appropriate.
gss-client: nothing appropriate.
gssdp-device-sniffer: nothing appropriate.
gssdp-discover: nothing appropriate.
gss-server: nothing appropriate.
gst-inspect-1.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gst-launch-1.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gs-tri: nothing appropriate.
gst-stats-1.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gst-typefind-1.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gsx: nothing appropriate.
gtbl: nothing appropriate.
gtest-config.in: nothing appropriate.
gtk-builder-convert: nothing appropriate.
gtk-demo: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-check: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-depscan: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-fixxref: nothing appropriate.
gtkdocize: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-mkdb: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-mkhtml: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-mkhtml2: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-mkman: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-mkpdf: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-rebase: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-scan: nothing appropriate.
gtkdoc-scangobj: nothing appropriate.
gtkevemon: nothing appropriate.
gtk-query-immodules-2.0: nothing appropriate.
gtk-query-immodules-2.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gtk-query-immodules-3.0-32: nothing appropriate.
gtmp: nothing appropriate.
gts2xyz: nothing appropriate.
gtts-cli: nothing appropriate.
guild: nothing appropriate.
guile-config: nothing appropriate.
guile-snarf: nothing appropriate.
guile-tools: nothing appropriate.
gupnp-av-cp: nothing appropriate.
gupnp-network-light: nothing appropriate.
gupnp-universal-cp: nothing appropriate.
gupnp-upload: nothing appropriate.
gusbcmd: nothing appropriate.
gwenview: nothing appropriate.
gwenview_importer: nothing appropriate.
h52gif: nothing appropriate.
h5c++: nothing appropriate.
h5cc: nothing appropriate.
h5clear: nothing appropriate.
h5copy: nothing appropriate.
h5debug: nothing appropriate.
h5diff: nothing appropriate.
h5dump: nothing appropriate.
h5fc: nothing appropriate.
h5format_convert: nothing appropriate.
h5import: nothing appropriate.
h5jam: nothing appropriate.
h5ls: nothing appropriate.
h5mkgrp: nothing appropriate.
h5perf_serial: nothing appropriate.
h5redeploy: nothing appropriate.
h5repack: nothing appropriate.
h5repart: nothing appropriate.
h5stat: nothing appropriate.
h5unjam: nothing appropriate.
h5watch: nothing appropriate.
hackersh: nothing appropriate.
half_mt: nothing appropriate.
hashcat: nothing appropriate.
haxe: nothing appropriate.
haxelib: nothing appropriate.
hb-ot-shape-closure: nothing appropriate.
hb-shape: nothing appropriate.
hb-subset: nothing appropriate.
hb-view: nothing appropriate.
hccap2john: nothing appropriate.
hccapx2john: nothing appropriate.
hcieventmask: nothing appropriate.
hcisecfilter: nothing appropriate.
hcstat2gen: nothing appropriate.
hcstatgen: nothing appropriate.
hcxessidtool: nothing appropriate.
hcxhashcattool: nothing appropriate.
hcxmactool: nothing appropriate.
hcxpmkidtool: nothing appropriate.
hcxwltool: nothing appropriate.
hdrcopy: nothing appropriate.
healthd: nothing appropriate.
helpviewer2: nothing appropriate.
hex2: nothing appropriate.
hex2hcd: nothing appropriate.
hextoraw: nothing appropriate.
hexyl: nothing appropriate.
hgk: nothing appropriate.
hid2hci: nothing appropriate.
hltest: nothing appropriate.
hmaptool: nothing appropriate.
horizontal-grub: nothing appropriate.
hotshot2calltree: nothing appropriate.
hspell-i: nothing appropriate.
ht: nothing appropriate.
htcat: nothing appropriate.
htcontext: nothing appropriate.
htdigest2john: nothing appropriate.
htlatex: nothing appropriate.
htmex: nothing appropriate.
html2dic: nothing appropriate.
htmldiff: nothing appropriate.
httex: nothing appropriate.
httexi: nothing appropriate.
httpgrep: nothing appropriate.
httprint: nothing appropriate.
https: nothing appropriate.
httsquash: nothing appropriate.
htxelatex: nothing appropriate.
htxetex: nothing appropriate.
hug: nothing appropriate.
humanfriendly: nothing appropriate.
humanfriendly2: nothing appropriate.
hv_fcopy_daemon: nothing appropriate.
hv_kvp_daemon: nothing appropriate.
hv_vss_daemon: nothing appropriate.
hwasan_symbolize: nothing appropriate.
hwinfo: nothing appropriate.
hydra-wizard.sh: nothing appropriate.
i686-pc-linux-gnu-pkg-config: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-c++: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-cc: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-cpp: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-dllwrap: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-g++: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcc: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcc-10.2.0: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcc-ar: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcc-nm: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcc-ranlib: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcov: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcov-dump: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gcov-tool: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gfortran: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnat: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatbind: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatchop: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatclean: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatfind: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatkr: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatlink: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatls: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatmake: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatname: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatprep: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-gnatxref: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-ld.bfd: nothing appropriate.
i686-w64-mingw32-lto-dump: nothing appropriate.
i915-perf-configs: nothing appropriate.
i915-perf-control: nothing appropriate.
i915-perf-reader: nothing appropriate.
i915-perf-recorder: nothing appropriate.
ibeacon: nothing appropriate.
ibmiscanner2john: nothing appropriate.
ibus-ui-emojier-plasma: nothing appropriate.
icdiff: nothing appropriate.
iconvert: nothing appropriate.
icu-config-32: nothing appropriate.
icuinfo: nothing appropriate.
idectl: nothing appropriate.
identity: nothing appropriate.
idiag-socket-details: nothing appropriate.
idiff: nothing appropriate.
idl2wrs: nothing appropriate.
idle2: nothing appropriate.
idle3: nothing appropriate.
idle3.8: nothing appropriate.
ifmap.py: nothing appropriate.
igrep: nothing appropriate.
igt_results: nothing appropriate.
igt_resume: nothing appropriate.
igt_runner: nothing appropriate.
igt_stats: nothing appropriate.
iinfo: nothing appropriate.
ijs_client_example: nothing appropriate.
ijs_server_example: nothing appropriate.
ikdasm: nothing appropriate.
ikescan2john: nothing appropriate.
imageSynth: nothing appropriate.
imagetops: nothing appropriate.
imcopy: nothing appropriate.
img2png2: nothing appropriate.
img2py2: nothing appropriate.
img2srec: nothing appropriate.
img2xpm2: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_bumpmap: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_colorspace: nothing appropriate.
imlib2-config: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_conv: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_grab: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_load: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_poly: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_show: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_test: nothing appropriate.
imlib2_view: nothing appropriate.
includemocs: nothing appropriate.
installfont-tl: nothing appropriate.
installvst: nothing appropriate.
intel_audio_dump: nothing appropriate.
intel_backlight: nothing appropriate.
intel_bios_dumper: nothing appropriate.
intel_display_crc: nothing appropriate.
intel_display_poller: nothing appropriate.
intel_dp_compliance: nothing appropriate.
intel_dump_decode: nothing appropriate.
intel_error_decode: nothing appropriate.
intel_firmware_decode: nothing appropriate.
intel_forcewaked: nothing appropriate.
intel_framebuffer_dump: nothing appropriate.
intel_gem_info: nothing appropriate.
intel-gen4asm: nothing appropriate.
intel-gen4disasm: nothing appropriate.
intel_gpu_abrt: nothing appropriate.
intel_gpu_frequency: nothing appropriate.
intel-gpu-overlay: nothing appropriate.
intel_gpu_time: nothing appropriate.
intel_gpu_top: nothing appropriate.
intel_gtt: nothing appropriate.
intel_guc_logger: nothing appropriate.
intel_gvtg_test: nothing appropriate.
intel_infoframes: nothing appropriate.
intel_l3_parity: nothing appropriate.
intel_lid: nothing appropriate.
intel_opregion_decode: nothing appropriate.
intel_panel_fitter: nothing appropriate.
intel_perf_counters: nothing appropriate.
intel_reg: nothing appropriate.
intel_reg_checker: nothing appropriate.
intel_residency: nothing appropriate.
intel_stepping: nothing appropriate.
intel_vbt_decode: nothing appropriate.
intel_watermark: nothing appropriate.
ios7tojohn: nothing appropriate.
iostat: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-legacy: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-legacy-restore: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-legacy-save: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-nft: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-nft-restore: nothing appropriate.
ip6tables-nft-save: nothing appropriate.
ipdb: nothing appropriate.
ipdb3: nothing appropriate.
ipers: nothing appropriate.
ipf-mod.pl: nothing appropriate.
ipmaddr: nothing appropriate.
iptables-legacy: nothing appropriate.
iptables-legacy-restore: nothing appropriate.
iptables-legacy-save: nothing appropriate.
iptables-nft: nothing appropriate.
iptables-nft-restore: nothing appropriate.
iptables-nft-save: nothing appropriate.
iptest: nothing appropriate.
iptest3: nothing appropriate.
iptunnel: nothing appropriate.
ipython3: nothing appropriate.
irb: nothing appropriate.
irb-1.8: nothing appropriate.
irb-1.9: nothing appropriate.
irb-2.3: nothing appropriate.
iscsi-gen-initiatorname: nothing appropriate.
iscsi_offload: nothing appropriate.
iscsi-perf: nothing appropriate.
iscsi-readcapacity16: nothing appropriate.
isempty: nothing appropriate.
isfloat: nothing appropriate.
isin: nothing appropriate.
isin_nocase: nothing appropriate.
isosurf: nothing appropriate.
ispellaff2myspell: nothing appropriate.
itunes_backup2john: nothing appropriate.
iv: nothing appropriate.
iwork2john: nothing appropriate.
jack_alias: nothing appropriate.
jack_evmon: nothing appropriate.
jack_latent_client: nothing appropriate.
jack_midi_dump: nothing appropriate.
jack_midiseq: nothing appropriate.
jack_midisine: nothing appropriate.
jack_rec: nothing appropriate.
jack_server_control: nothing appropriate.
jack_session_notify: nothing appropriate.
jack_simple_client: nothing appropriate.
jack_simple_session_client: nothing appropriate.
jack_transport_client: nothing appropriate.
jadetex: nothing appropriate.
javac-colour: nothing appropriate.
jbrute: nothing appropriate.
jemalloc-config: nothing appropriate.
jemalloc.sh: nothing appropriate.
jeprof: nothing appropriate.
jfmutil: nothing appropriate.
jira-wiki-markup: nothing appropriate.
jnetmap: nothing appropriate.
john: nothing appropriate.
johnny: nothing appropriate.
jpeg_extract: nothing appropriate.
jp.py: nothing appropriate.
js60: nothing appropriate.
js60-config: nothing appropriate.
js68: nothing appropriate.
js68-config: nothing appropriate.
json_reformat: nothing appropriate.
jsonschema: nothing appropriate.
json_verify: nothing appropriate.
jtagconsole: nothing appropriate.
juk: nothing appropriate.
jungle: nothing appropriate.
jupyter: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-bundlerextension: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-console: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-kernel: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-kernelspec: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-migrate: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-nbconvert: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-nbextension: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-notebook: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-qtconsole: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-run: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-serverextension: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-troubleshoot: nothing appropriate.
jupyter-trust: nothing appropriate.
jwtcat: nothing appropriate.
jwt-cracker: nothing appropriate.
JxrDecApp: nothing appropriate.
JxrEncApp: nothing appropriate.
kaccess: nothing appropriate.
kactivities-cli: nothing appropriate.
kaem: nothing appropriate.
kapidox_generate: nothing appropriate.
kapplymousetheme: nothing appropriate.
kapptemplate: nothing appropriate.
karmaSMB.py: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktfconsole: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktf.gui: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktfktf: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktflinker: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktfrun: nothing appropriate.
katana-ktfupdate: nothing appropriate.
kate-syntax-highlighter: nothing appropriate.
kbackup: nothing appropriate.
kbdgrab: nothing appropriate.
kbfsfuse: nothing appropriate.
kbnm: nothing appropriate.
kbroadcastnotification: nothing appropriate.
kbxutil: nothing appropriate.
kcachegrind: nothing appropriate.
kcalc: nothing appropriate.
kcharselect: nothing appropriate.
kcminit: nothing appropriate.
kcminit_startup: nothing appropriate.
kcmshell5: nothing appropriate.
kcm-touchpad-list-devices: nothing appropriate.
kcolorchooser: nothing appropriate.
kcolorschemeeditor: nothing appropriate.
kdcdump2john: nothing appropriate.
kde-add-printer: nothing appropriate.
kdebugdialog5: nothing appropriate.
kdebugsettings: nothing appropriate.
kdecp5: nothing appropriate.
kdedoc: nothing appropriate.
kde_generate_export_header: nothing appropriate.
kdeinit5_shutdown: nothing appropriate.
kdeinit5_wrapper: nothing appropriate.
kdekillall: nothing appropriate.
kdelnk2desktop.py: nothing appropriate.
kdemangen.pl: nothing appropriate.
kdemv5: nothing appropriate.
kde-open5: nothing appropriate.
kde-print-queue: nothing appropriate.
kde-systemsettings-tree.py: nothing appropriate.
kde-unstablepkg: nothing appropriate.
kde-unstable-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
kdev_dbus_socket_transformer: nothing appropriate.
kdevelop: nothing appropriate.
kdevelop!: nothing appropriate.
kdev_format_source: nothing appropriate.
kdev_includepathsconverter: nothing appropriate.
kdevplatform_shell_environment.sh: nothing appropriate.
kdf: nothing appropriate.
kdialog: nothing appropriate.
kdialog_progress_helper: nothing appropriate.
kdwsdl2cpp: nothing appropriate.
keditbookmarks: nothing appropriate.
keditfiletype5: nothing appropriate.
keepass2john: nothing appropriate.
ketcindy: nothing appropriate.
keybase: nothing appropriate.
keychain2john: nothing appropriate.
keyring2john: nothing appropriate.
keyspace: nothing appropriate.
keystore2john: nothing appropriate.
kfloppy: nothing appropriate.
kfontinst: nothing appropriate.
kfontview: nothing appropriate.
kget: nothing appropriate.
kglobalaccel5: nothing appropriate.
khelpcenter: nothing appropriate.
kiconfinder5: nothing appropriate.
kimagemapeditor: nothing appropriate.
kintercept.py: nothing appropriate.
kioclient5: nothing appropriate.
kirbi2john: nothing appropriate.
kirigami2gallery: nothing appropriate.
kiten: nothing appropriate.
kitengen: nothing appropriate.
kitenkanjibrowser: nothing appropriate.
kitenradselect: nothing appropriate.
kleopatra: nothing appropriate.
klettres: nothing appropriate.
klipper: nothing appropriate.
kmenuedit: nothing appropriate.
kmimetypefinder5: nothing appropriate.
kmix: nothing appropriate.
kmixctrl: nothing appropriate.
kmixremote: nothing appropriate.
knetattach: nothing appropriate.
knewstuff-dialog: nothing appropriate.
known_hosts2john: nothing appropriate.
kolourpaint: nothing appropriate.
kompare: nothing appropriate.
konsole: nothing appropriate.
konsoleprofile: nothing appropriate.
kopete: nothing appropriate.
kpackagelauncherqml: nothing appropriate.
kpartloader: nothing appropriate.
kplymouththemeinstaller: nothing appropriate.
kquitapp5: nothing appropriate.
krazy-licensecheck: nothing appropriate.
krb2john: nothing appropriate.
krb5-send-pr: nothing appropriate.
krdb: nothing appropriate.
krdc: nothing appropriate.
kreadconfig5: nothing appropriate.
krename: nothing appropriate.
krfb: nothing appropriate.
kruler: nothing appropriate.
krunner: nothing appropriate.
ksba-config: nothing appropriate.
kscreen-console: nothing appropriate.
kscreen-doctor: nothing appropriate.
kshell5: nothing appropriate.
ksmserver: nothing appropriate.
ksplashqml: nothing appropriate.
kstart5: nothing appropriate.
kstatsviewer: nothing appropriate.
kstool: nothing appropriate.
ksvgtopng5: nothing appropriate.
ksysguard: nothing appropriate.
ksysguardd: nothing appropriate.
ksystemlog: nothing appropriate.
ksystemstats: nothing appropriate.
kteatime: nothing appropriate.
ktelnetservice5: nothing appropriate.
ktimer: nothing appropriate.
ktmagnetdownloader: nothing appropriate.
ktorrent: nothing appropriate.
ktp-contactlist: nothing appropriate.
ktp-debugger: nothing appropriate.
ktp-dialout-ui: nothing appropriate.
ktp-log-viewer: nothing appropriate.
ktp-send-file: nothing appropriate.
ktraderclient5: nothing appropriate.
ktrash5: nothing appropriate.
ktupnptest: nothing appropriate.
kturtle: nothing appropriate.
kuiviewer: nothing appropriate.
kwallet2john: nothing appropriate.
kwalletd5: nothing appropriate.
kwalletmanager5: nothing appropriate.
kwatchgnupg: nothing appropriate.
kwave: nothing appropriate.
kwikdisk: nothing appropriate.
kwin_wayland: nothing appropriate.
kwin_x11: nothing appropriate.
kwordquiz: nothing appropriate.
kwrapper5: nothing appropriate.
kwrite: nothing appropriate.
kwriteconfig5: nothing appropriate.
l2test: nothing appropriate.
language-specific.sh: nothing appropriate.
lastpass2john: nothing appropriate.
latex2man: nothing appropriate.
latex2nemeth: nothing appropriate.
latexdef: nothing appropriate.
latexdiff: nothing appropriate.
latexdiff-vc: nothing appropriate.
latexfileversion: nothing appropriate.
latex-git-log: nothing appropriate.
latexindent: nothing appropriate.
latexmk: nothing appropriate.
latexpand: nothing appropriate.
latex-papersize: nothing appropriate.
latexrevise: nothing appropriate.
lav2avi.sh: nothing appropriate.
lavaddwav: nothing appropriate.
lavinfo: nothing appropriate.
lavtc.sh: nothing appropriate.
lconvert: nothing appropriate.
lconvert-qt4: nothing appropriate.
lconvert-qt5: nothing appropriate.
ld64.lld: nothing appropriate.
ld.bfd: nothing appropriate.
ld.gold: nothing appropriate.
ldif2john: nothing appropriate.
ldiff: nothing appropriate.
ld_iscsi.so: nothing appropriate.
ld.lld: nothing appropriate.
leet: nothing appropriate.
len: nothing appropriate.
letdown: nothing appropriate.
leviathan: nothing appropriate.
libassuan-config: nothing appropriate.
libevdev-tweak-device: nothing appropriate.
libgcrypt-config: nothing appropriate.
libglade-convert: nothing appropriate.
libgtop_daemon2: nothing appropriate.
libgtop_server2: nothing appropriate.
libieee1284_test: nothing appropriate.
libjingle-call: nothing appropriate.
libnet-config: nothing appropriate.
libpng16-config: nothing appropriate.
libpng16-config-32: nothing appropriate.
libpng-config: nothing appropriate.
libpng-config-32: nothing appropriate.
libreoffice2john: nothing appropriate.
libtar: nothing appropriate.
libusb-config: nothing appropriate.
libval-config: nothing appropriate.
lightworks: nothing appropriate.
lilv-bench: nothing appropriate.
line: nothing appropriate.
line-clip: nothing appropriate.
line-cull: nothing appropriate.
line-flat: nothing appropriate.
lineloop: nothing appropriate.
lineloop-clip: nothing appropriate.
lineloop-elts: nothing appropriate.
linenum: nothing appropriate.
line-smooth: nothing appropriate.
line-stipple-wide: nothing appropriate.
linestrip: nothing appropriate.
linestrip-clip: nothing appropriate.
linestrip-flat-stipple: nothing appropriate.
linestrip-stipple: nothing appropriate.
linestrip-stipple-wide: nothing appropriate.
line-userclip: nothing appropriate.
line-userclip-clip: nothing appropriate.
line-userclip-nop: nothing appropriate.
line-userclip-nop-clip: nothing appropriate.
line-wide: nothing appropriate.
line-xor: nothing appropriate.
linguist: nothing appropriate.
linguist-qt4: nothing appropriate.
linguist-qt5: nothing appropriate.
linktest: nothing appropriate.
linux-boot-prober: nothing appropriate.
linux-exploit-suggester: nothing appropriate.
lion2john: nothing appropriate.
lion2john-alt: nothing appropriate.
listContains: nothing appropriate.
listings-ext.sh: nothing appropriate.
lit2epub: nothing appropriate.
livewallpaper: nothing appropriate.
livewallpaper-config: nothing appropriate.
livewallpaper-indicator: nothing appropriate.
lld: nothing appropriate.
lld-link: nothing appropriate.
lli-child-target: nothing appropriate.
llvm-cat: nothing appropriate.
llvm-cfi-verify: nothing appropriate.
llvm-config32: nothing appropriate.
llvm-c-test: nothing appropriate.
llvm-cvtres: nothing appropriate.
llvm-cxxdump: nothing appropriate.
llvm-dlltool: nothing appropriate.
llvm-dwp: nothing appropriate.
llvm-elfabi: nothing appropriate.
llvm-ifs: nothing appropriate.
llvm-install-name-tool: nothing appropriate.
llvm-jitlink: nothing appropriate.
llvm-lto: nothing appropriate.
llvm-lto2: nothing appropriate.
llvm-mc: nothing appropriate.
llvm-modextract: nothing appropriate.
llvm-mt: nothing appropriate.
llvm-opt-report: nothing appropriate.
llvm-PerfectShuffle: nothing appropriate.
llvm-rc: nothing appropriate.
llvm-reduce: nothing appropriate.
llvm-rtdyld: nothing appropriate.
llvm-split: nothing appropriate.
llvm-tblgen: nothing appropriate.
llvm-undname: nothing appropriate.
llvm-xray: nothing appropriate.
locale-gen: nothing appropriate.
lodbias: nothing appropriate.
lokalize: nothing appropriate.
lollipop: nothing appropriate.
long-fixed-func: nothing appropriate.
lookandfeeltool: nothing appropriate.
lookupsid.py: nothing appropriate.
lotus2john: nothing appropriate.
lowntfs-3g: nothing appropriate.
lprodump: nothing appropriate.
lprodump-qt5: nothing appropriate.
lprsetup.sh: nothing appropriate.
lpunlock: nothing appropriate.
lrelease: nothing appropriate.
lrelease-pro: nothing appropriate.
lrelease-pro-qt5: nothing appropriate.
lrelease-qt4: nothing appropriate.
lrelease-qt5: nothing appropriate.
lscolors: nothing appropriate.
lsd: nothing appropriate.
lsdesktopf: nothing appropriate.
lsgpu: nothing appropriate.
lshwd: nothing appropriate.
lsix: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-comp-delay-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-comp-delay-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-comp-delay-x2-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-compressor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-compressor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-compressor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-compressor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-dyna-processor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-dyna-processor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-dyna-processor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-dyna-processor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-expander-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-expander-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-expander-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-expander-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-gate-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-gate-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-gate-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-gate-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x16-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x16-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x16-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x16-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x32-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x32-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x32-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-graph-equalizer-x32-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-impulse-responses-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-impulse-responses-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-impulse-reverb-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-impulse-reverb-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-latency-meter: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-limiter-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-limiter-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-loud-comp-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-loud-comp-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-compressor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-compressor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-compressor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-compressor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-expander-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-expander-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-expander-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-expander-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-gate-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-gate-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-gate-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-mb-gate-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x12: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x12-do: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x24: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x24-do: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x48: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-multisampler-x48-do: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-oscillator-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x16-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x16-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x16-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x16-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x32-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x32-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x32-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-para-equalizer-x32-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-phase-detector: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-profiler-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-profiler-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-room-builder-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-room-builder-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sampler-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sampler-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-compressor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-compressor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-compressor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-compressor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-dyna-processor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-dyna-processor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-dyna-processor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-dyna-processor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-expander-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-expander-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-expander-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-expander-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-gate-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-gate-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-gate-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-gate-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-limiter-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-limiter-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-compressor-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-compressor-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-compressor-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-compressor-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-expander-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-expander-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-expander-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-expander-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-gate-lr: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-gate-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-gate-ms: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-sc-mb-gate-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-slap-delay-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-slap-delay-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x1: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x12: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x16: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x2: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x4: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-spectrum-analyzer-x8: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-surge-filter-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-surge-filter-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-trigger-midi-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-trigger-midi-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-trigger-mono: nothing appropriate.
lsp-plugins-trigger-stereo: nothing appropriate.
lstripstr: nothing appropriate.
lsusb.py: nothing appropriate.
lsvine: nothing appropriate.
lsx: nothing appropriate.
ltxfileinfo: nothing appropriate.
ltximg: nothing appropriate.
lua5.4: nothing appropriate.
luac5.4: nothing appropriate.
luajit-2.0.5: nothing appropriate.
luajithbtex: nothing appropriate.
luaotfload-tool: nothing appropriate.
luarocks: nothing appropriate.
luarocks-admin: nothing appropriate.
luatools: nothing appropriate.
luks2john: nothing appropriate.
lupdate: nothing appropriate.
lupdate-pro: nothing appropriate.
lupdate-pro-qt5: nothing appropriate.
lupdate-qt4: nothing appropriate.
lupdate-qt5: nothing appropriate.
lutris: nothing appropriate.
lv2bench: nothing appropriate.
lvm-cache-stats: nothing appropriate.
lwarpmk: nothing appropriate.
lw-generate-schema: nothing appropriate.
lz: nothing appropriate.
M1: nothing appropriate.
mac2john: nothing appropriate.
mac2john-alt: nothing appropriate.
mailmail3: nothing appropriate.
make4ht: nothing appropriate.
makealias: nothing appropriate.
makechrootpkg: nothing appropriate.
makedb: nothing appropriate.
makemhr: nothing appropriate.
makeobj: nothing appropriate.
maketx: nothing appropriate.
mandelbrot: nothing appropriate.
manywin: nothing appropriate.
marble: nothing appropriate.
mariadb_config: nothing appropriate.
markdown_py: nothing appropriate.
match_parens: nothing appropriate.
matteblend.flt: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_aescrypt2: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_benchmark: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_cert_app: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_cert_req: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_cert_write: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_crl_app: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_crypt_and_hash: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_dh_client: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_dh_genprime: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_dh_server: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_dtls_client: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_dtls_server: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_gen_entropy: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_generic_sum: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_gen_key: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_gen_random_ctr_drbg: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_gen_random_havege: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_hello: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_key_app: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_mini_client: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_mpi_demo: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_pem2der: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_pk_decrypt: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_pk_encrypt: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_pk_sign: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_pk_verify: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_query_compile_time_config: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_req_app: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_rsa_decrypt: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_rsa_encrypt: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_rsa_genkey: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_rsa_sign: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_rsa_verify: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_selftest: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_client1: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_client2: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_fork_server: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_mail_client: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_pthread_server: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_ssl_server: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_strerror: nothing appropriate.
mbedtls_udp_proxy: nothing appropriate.
mcafee_epo2john: nothing appropriate.
mcaptest: nothing appropriate.
mcdiff: nothing appropriate.
mcomp: nothing appropriate.
mdbrebase: nothing appropriate.
mdk3: nothing appropriate.
mdump2: nothing appropriate.
mdump3: nothing appropriate.
medconforme: nothing appropriate.
media-ctl: nothing appropriate.
medimport: nothing appropriate.
melt: nothing appropriate.
mem_image: nothing appropriate.
memprof2calltree: nothing appropriate.
mesa-overlay-control.py: nothing appropriate.
mesh-cfgclient: nothing appropriate.
meshctl: nothing appropriate.
meshdebug: nothing appropriate.
mex: nothing appropriate.
mf2pt1: nothing appropriate.
mflua: nothing appropriate.
mfluajit: nothing appropriate.
mfluajit-nowin: nothing appropriate.
mflua-nowin: nothing appropriate.
mfplain: nothing appropriate.
mibcopy: nothing appropriate.
mibdump: nothing appropriate.
mictray: nothing appropriate.
mid3cp2: nothing appropriate.
mid3iconv2: nothing appropriate.
mid3v22: nothing appropriate.
mimikatz.py: nothing appropriate.
minidump: nothing appropriate.
min-nbd-client: nothing appropriate.
minuet: nothing appropriate.
mjpeg_simd_helper: nothing appropriate.
mk4ht: nothing appropriate.
mkarchiso: nothing appropriate.
mkenvimage: nothing appropriate.
mk_isdnhwdb: nothing appropriate.
mkjobtexmf: nothing appropriate.
mkl_link_tool: nothing appropriate.
mkluatexfontdb: nothing appropriate.
mklvars.sh: nothing appropriate.
mksquashfs: nothing appropriate.
mkt1font: nothing appropriate.
mkvcalcproba: nothing appropriate.
mli2: nothing appropriate.
mllatex: nothing appropriate.
mltex: nothing appropriate.
moc: nothing appropriate.
moc-qt4: nothing appropriate.
moc-qt5: nothing appropriate.
mod: nothing appropriate.
modularize: nothing appropriate.
moggsplit2: nothing appropriate.
molequeue: nothing appropriate.
monero2john: nothing appropriate.
money2john: nothing appropriate.
mongoc-stat: nothing appropriate.
mono-api-html: nothing appropriate.
mono-boehm: nothing appropriate.
monodocs2slashdoc: nothing appropriate.
mono-find-provides: nothing appropriate.
mono-find-requires: nothing appropriate.
mono-hang-watchdog: nothing appropriate.
mono-heapviz: nothing appropriate.
mono-package-runtime: nothing appropriate.
mono-sgen: nothing appropriate.
mono-test-install: nothing appropriate.
moreman: nothing appropriate.
morph: nothing appropriate.
morph3d: nothing appropriate.
mount.fuse.sshfs: nothing appropriate.
mount.ntfs: nothing appropriate.
mount.sshfs: nothing appropriate.
mount.unionfs: nothing appropriate.
mount.vmhgfs: nothing appropriate.
mouse-dpi-tool: nothing appropriate.
mousepad: nothing appropriate.
mozcerts-qt5: nothing appropriate.
mozilla2john: nothing appropriate.
mpegtranscode: nothing appropriate.
mpg123-id3dump: nothing appropriate.
mpg123-strip: nothing appropriate.
mpicalc: nothing appropriate.
mpris-proxy: nothing appropriate.
mpstat: nothing appropriate.
mptcp-fragmenter: nothing appropriate.
mptcp-scanner: nothing appropriate.
mptopdf: nothing appropriate.
mqtt_check.py: nothing appropriate.
msfconsole: nothing appropriate.
msfd: nothing appropriate.
msfdb: nothing appropriate.
msf-json-rpc.ru: nothing appropriate.
msfrpc: nothing appropriate.
msfrpcd: nothing appropriate.
msfvenom: nothing appropriate.
msf-ws.ru: nothing appropriate.
msidb: nothing appropriate.
msm: nothing appropriate.
mssqlclient.py: nothing appropriate.
mssqlinstance.py: nothing appropriate.
mtdev-test: nothing appropriate.
mtp-albumart: nothing appropriate.
mtp-albums: nothing appropriate.
mtp-connect: nothing appropriate.
mtp-delfile: nothing appropriate.
mtp-detect: nothing appropriate.
mtp-emptyfolders: nothing appropriate.
mtp-files: nothing appropriate.
mtp-filetree: nothing appropriate.
mtp-folders: nothing appropriate.
mtp-format: nothing appropriate.
mtp-getfile: nothing appropriate.
mtp-getplaylist: nothing appropriate.
mtp-hotplug: nothing appropriate.
mtp-newfolder: nothing appropriate.
mtp-newplaylist: nothing appropriate.
mtp-playlists: nothing appropriate.
mtp-reset: nothing appropriate.
mtp-sendfile: nothing appropriate.
mtp-sendtr: nothing appropriate.
mtp-thumb: nothing appropriate.
mtp-tracks: nothing appropriate.
mtp-trexist: nothing appropriate.
mtranslate: nothing appropriate.
mtxrun: nothing appropriate.
mtxrunjit: nothing appropriate.
multiarb: nothing appropriate.
multibit2john: nothing appropriate.
multiblend.flt: nothing appropriate.
multictx: nothing appropriate.
multilib-build: nothing appropriate.
multilibpkg: nothing appropriate.
multilib-staging-build: nothing appropriate.
multilib-stagingpkg: nothing appropriate.
multilib-testing-build: nothing appropriate.
multilib-testingpkg: nothing appropriate.
multinoise: nothing appropriate.
multirender_test: nothing appropriate.
multispell: nothing appropriate.
multitex: nothing appropriate.
munch: nothing appropriate.
mutagen-inspect2: nothing appropriate.
mutagen-pony2: nothing appropriate.
muxer: nothing appropriate.
mxtar: nothing appropriate.
ncb: nothing appropriate.
neko: nothing appropriate.
nekoc: nothing appropriate.
nekoml: nothing appropriate.
nekotools: nothing appropriate.
neo2john: nothing appropriate.
neovim-node-host: nothing appropriate.
netaddr2: nothing appropriate.
netconsole: nothing appropriate.
netntlm: nothing appropriate.
netreconn: nothing appropriate.
netscreen: nothing appropriate.
net-snmp-cert: nothing appropriate.
nettest: nothing appropriate.
nettle-hash: nothing appropriate.
nettle-lfib-stream: nothing appropriate.
nettle-pbkdf2: nothing appropriate.
netview.py: nothing appropriate.
network2john: nothing appropriate.
nf-ct-add: nothing appropriate.
nf-ct-events: nothing appropriate.
nf-ct-list: nothing appropriate.
nf-exp-add: nothing appropriate.
nf-exp-delete: nothing appropriate.
nf-exp-list: nothing appropriate.
nf-log: nothing appropriate.
nf-monitor: nothing appropriate.
nf-queue: nothing appropriate.
ngrok: nothing appropriate.
ninja: nothing appropriate.
nl-addr-add: nothing appropriate.
nl-addr-delete: nothing appropriate.
nl-addr-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-class-add: nothing appropriate.
nl-class-delete: nothing appropriate.
nl-class-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-cls-add: nothing appropriate.
nl-cls-delete: nothing appropriate.
nl-cls-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-fib-lookup: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-enslave: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-ifindex2name: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-name2ifindex: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-release: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-set: nothing appropriate.
nl-link-stats: nothing appropriate.
nl-list-caches: nothing appropriate.
nl-list-sockets: nothing appropriate.
nl-monitor: nothing appropriate.
nl-neigh-add: nothing appropriate.
nl-neigh-delete: nothing appropriate.
nl-neigh-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-neightbl-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-route-add: nothing appropriate.
nl-route-delete: nothing appropriate.
nl-route-get: nothing appropriate.
nl-route-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-rule-list: nothing appropriate.
nl-tctree-list: nothing appropriate.
nltk: nothing appropriate.
nl-util-addr: nothing appropriate.
nmapAnswerMachine.py: nothing appropriate.
nmtmp: nothing appropriate.
node-gyp: nothing appropriate.
noise: nothing appropriate.
noise2: nothing appropriate.
nokfw: nothing appropriate.
noncvslist: nothing appropriate.
nonsvnlist: nothing appropriate.
nosetests2: nothing appropriate.
nosetests-2.7: nothing appropriate.
nosetests3: nothing appropriate.
nosetests-3.8: nothing appropriate.
not: nothing appropriate.
notin: nothing appropriate.
notin_nocase: nothing appropriate.
npf: nothing appropriate.
npth-config: nothing appropriate.
nspr-config: nothing appropriate.
nss-config: nothing appropriate.
ntfs-read.py: nothing appropriate.
ntlmrelayx.py: nothing appropriate.
nu: nothing appropriate.
num2words: nothing appropriate.
numademo: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_core_inc: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_core_ps: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_core_sys: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_core_textview: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_binaryview: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_fetch: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_match: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_post: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_start: nothing appropriate.
nu_plugin_stable_tree: nothing appropriate.
nvidia-bug-report.sh: nothing appropriate.
nvidia-cuda-mps-server: nothing appropriate.
nvidia-debugdump: nothing appropriate.
nvidia-sleep.sh: nothing appropriate.
nvidia-xrun: nothing appropriate.
nvim-qt: nothing appropriate.
obex-client-tool: nothing appropriate.
obexctl: nothing appropriate.
obex-server-tool: nothing appropriate.
obfitall: nothing appropriate.
obj2yaml: nothing appropriate.
obmm: nothing appropriate.
ociobakelut: nothing appropriate.
ociocheck: nothing appropriate.
ocrgui: nothing appropriate.
office2john: nothing appropriate.
offset: nothing appropriate.
oidnBenchmark: nothing appropriate.
oidnDenoise: nothing appropriate.
oidnTest: nothing appropriate.
oiiotool: nothing appropriate.
omfonts: nothing appropriate.
onig-config: nothing appropriate.
oobtest: nothing appropriate.
op2calltree: nothing appropriate.
opdump.py: nothing appropriate.
openal-info: nothing appropriate.
openbsd_softraid2john: nothing appropriate.
openssl-1.0: nothing appropriate.
openssl2john: nothing appropriate.
optimizegraphics: nothing appropriate.
orc-bugreport: nothing appropriate.
orcc: nothing appropriate.
ortecc: nothing appropriate.
osdemo: nothing appropriate.
osdemo16: nothing appropriate.
osdemo32: nothing appropriate.
osirrox: nothing appropriate.
oslc: nothing appropriate.
oslinfo: nothing appropriate.
os-prober: nothing appropriate.
ostinato: nothing appropriate.
ot2kpx: nothing appropriate.
pablodraw: nothing appropriate.
package_crystalsvg: nothing appropriate.
packETH: nothing appropriate.
paclist: nothing appropriate.
paclock: nothing appropriate.
paclog-pkglist: nothing appropriate.
pacman-db-upgrade: nothing appropriate.
pacscripts: nothing appropriate.
pacsearch: nothing appropriate.
padatious: nothing appropriate.
padlock2john: nothing appropriate.
pa-info: nothing appropriate.
pako: nothing appropriate.
paltex: nothing appropriate.
pamcrater: nothing appropriate.
pamexec: nothing appropriate.
pamfix: nothing appropriate.
pamfixtrunc: nothing appropriate.
pammosaicknit: nothing appropriate.
pampaintspill: nothing appropriate.
pamphletangler: nothing appropriate.
pamrecolor: nothing appropriate.
pamrubber: nothing appropriate.
pamshadedrelief: nothing appropriate.
pamsistoaglyph: nothing appropriate.
pamtoavs: nothing appropriate.
pamtompfont: nothing appropriate.
pamtooctaveimg: nothing appropriate.
pamtopam: nothing appropriate.
pamtopdbimg: nothing appropriate.
pamtopng: nothing appropriate.
pamtosrf: nothing appropriate.
pamtowinicon: nothing appropriate.
pamundice: nothing appropriate.
pamunlookup: nothing appropriate.
pamvalidate: nothing appropriate.
pamwipeout: nothing appropriate.
pango-list: nothing appropriate.
paprefs: nothing appropriate.
par2create: nothing appropriate.
par2repair: nothing appropriate.
par2verify: nothing appropriate.
parley: nothing appropriate.
parole: nothing appropriate.
parsetrigrams: nothing appropriate.
pass_gen: nothing appropriate.
pasteurize: nothing appropriate.
patator: nothing appropriate.
pavucontrol: nothing appropriate.
pbdemo: nothing appropriate.
pbibtex: nothing appropriate.
pbinfo: nothing appropriate.
pbmminkowski: nothing appropriate.
pbmtocis: nothing appropriate.
pbmtosunicon: nothing appropriate.
pcap2john: nothing appropriate.
pcprofiledump: nothing appropriate.
pdata_tools: nothing appropriate.
pdbimgtopam: nothing appropriate.
pdf2john: nothing appropriate.
pdfbook2: nothing appropriate.
pdfcrop: nothing appropriate.
pdfcsplain: nothing appropriate.
pdfjadetex: nothing appropriate.
pdfjam: nothing appropriate.
pdflatexpicscale: nothing appropriate.
pdfmex: nothing appropriate.
pdftex-quiet: nothing appropriate.
pdfxmltex: nothing appropriate.
pdfxup: nothing appropriate.
pdvitomp: nothing appropriate.
pdvitype: nothing appropriate.
peas-demo: nothing appropriate.
peco: nothing appropriate.
pedump: nothing appropriate.
peekvc: nothing appropriate.
peglgears: nothing appropriate.
pem2john: nothing appropriate.
penbox: nothing appropriate.
pentbox: nothing appropriate.
percol: nothing appropriate.
permute: nothing appropriate.
permute_exist: nothing appropriate.
petact: nothing appropriate.
peverify: nothing appropriate.
pew: nothing appropriate.
pfarrei: nothing appropriate.
pfx2john: nothing appropriate.
pgmtosbig: nothing appropriate.
pgmtost4: nothing appropriate.
pgon-mode: nothing appropriate.
pgpdisk2john: nothing appropriate.
pgpsda2john: nothing appropriate.
pgpwde2john: nothing appropriate.
phantomjs: nothing appropriate.
phononsettings: nothing appropriate.
pianoctl: nothing appropriate.
picospeaker: nothing appropriate.
pidstat: nothing appropriate.
pinentry: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-curses: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-emacs: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-gnome3: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-gtk-2: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-qt: nothing appropriate.
pinentry-tty: nothing appropriate.
ping6.py: nothing appropriate.
ping.py: nothing appropriate.
pip2.7: nothing appropriate.
pip3: nothing appropriate.
pip3.8: nothing appropriate.
pipeline: nothing appropriate.
pipenv: nothing appropriate.
pipenv-resolver: nothing appropriate.
pipewire-media-session: nothing appropriate.
pipr: nothing appropriate.
pixeltest: nothing appropriate.
pixeltool: nothing appropriate.
pixeltool-qt4: nothing appropriate.
pixeltool-qt5: nothing appropriate.
pixterm: nothing appropriate.
pkcs1-conv: nothing appropriate.
pk-example-frobnicate: nothing appropriate.
pkfix: nothing appropriate.
pkfix-helper: nothing appropriate.
pkgtop: nothing appropriate.
plasma: nothing appropriate.
plasma-discover: nothing appropriate.
plasma-discover-update: nothing appropriate.
plasma_session: nothing appropriate.
plasmashell: nothing appropriate.
plasma-shutdown: nothing appropriate.
plasma_waitforname: nothing appropriate.
plasmawindowed: nothing appropriate.
playout: nothing appropriate.
plget: nothing appropriate.
png2mng.pl: nothing appropriate.
png2pnm: nothing appropriate.
pngfix: nothing appropriate.
pngfix-32: nothing appropriate.
png-fix-itxt: nothing appropriate.
png-fix-itxt-32: nothing appropriate.
pngtogd: nothing appropriate.
pngtogd2: nothing appropriate.
pngtopam: nothing appropriate.
pnm2png: nothing appropriate.
pnmflip: nothing appropriate.
pnmmercator: nothing appropriate.
pnmquantall: nothing appropriate.
po2xmi5: nothing appropriate.
podofosign: nothing appropriate.
point: nothing appropriate.
pointblast: nothing appropriate.
point-clip: nothing appropriate.
pointcoord: nothing appropriate.
point-param: nothing appropriate.
points: nothing appropriate.
point-sprite: nothing appropriate.
point-wide: nothing appropriate.
point-wide-smooth: nothing appropriate.
polenum: nothing appropriate.
poly: nothing appropriate.
poly-flat: nothing appropriate.
poly-flat-clip: nothing appropriate.
poly-flat-unfilled-clip: nothing appropriate.
poly-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
post-grohtml: nothing appropriate.
postprocessing_benchmark: nothing appropriate.
potcheck: nothing appropriate.
pphs: nothing appropriate.
ppmcolors: nothing appropriate.
ppmtoapplevol: nothing appropriate.
ppmtoascii: nothing appropriate.
ppmtogif: nothing appropriate.
ppmtospu: nothing appropriate.
pppoe-discovery: nothing appropriate.
pprof2calltree: nothing appropriate.
pp-trace: nothing appropriate.
precat: nothing appropriate.
prefixitems: nothing appropriate.
pre-grohtml: nothing appropriate.
prepare: nothing appropriate.
prettygrub: nothing appropriate.
prettyping: nothing appropriate.
preunzip: nothing appropriate.
prezip: nothing appropriate.
primus_vk_diag: nothing appropriate.
printferr: nothing appropriate.
procs: nothing appropriate.
profile2mat.pl: nothing appropriate.
projtex: nothing appropriate.
prompt: nothing appropriate.
prosody2john: nothing appropriate.
protoc: nothing appropriate.
protoc-c: nothing appropriate.
protoc-gen-c: nothing appropriate.
protocoltojson: nothing appropriate.
proximity-sort: nothing appropriate.
proxy: nothing appropriate.
ps2ps2: nothing appropriate.
pse2john: nothing appropriate.
psexec.py: nothing appropriate.
pstat: nothing appropriate.
ps_token2john: nothing appropriate.
pstree.x11: nothing appropriate.
ptf: nothing appropriate.
ptxinfo: nothing appropriate.
pulseaudio-equalizer: nothing appropriate.
pulseaudio-equalizer-gtk: nothing appropriate.
pulseeffects: nothing appropriate.
pulsemixer: nothing appropriate.
purifyeps: nothing appropriate.
putty2john: nothing appropriate.
pvkrun: nothing appropriate.
pvtkpython: nothing appropriate.
pwhash: nothing appropriate.
pw-midiplay: nothing appropriate.
pw-midirecord: nothing appropriate.
pw-play: nothing appropriate.
pw-record: nothing appropriate.
pwsafe2john: nothing appropriate.
pwsh: nothing appropriate.
pyalacarte2: nothing appropriate.
pyalamode2: nothing appropriate.
pybabel: nothing appropriate.
pycrust2: nothing appropriate.
pydictor: nothing appropriate.
pydoc: nothing appropriate.
pydoc2: nothing appropriate.
pydoc3: nothing appropriate.
pydoc3.8: nothing appropriate.
pyew: nothing appropriate.
pyfiglet: nothing appropriate.
pyfiglet2: nothing appropriate.
pygobject-codegen-2.0: nothing appropriate.
pygtk-codegen-2.0: nothing appropriate.
pygtk-demo: nothing appropriate.
pyhtmlizer3: nothing appropriate.
pyjoke: nothing appropriate.
pyjokes: nothing appropriate.
pyjwt: nothing appropriate.
pykig.py: nothing appropriate.
pylupdate4: nothing appropriate.
pylupdate5: nothing appropriate.
pyrcc4: nothing appropriate.
pyrcc5: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-decrypt: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-decrypt2: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-encrypt: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-encrypt2: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-keygen: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-keygen2: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-priv2pub: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-priv2pub2: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-sign: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-sign2: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-verify: nothing appropriate.
pyrsa-verify2: nothing appropriate.
pyshell2: nothing appropriate.
pysmt-install: nothing appropriate.
py.test: nothing appropriate.
pytest: nothing appropriate.
python2.7-config: nothing appropriate.
python2-config: nothing appropriate.
python2-pylupdate5: nothing appropriate.
python2-pyrcc5: nothing appropriate.
python2-pyuic4: nothing appropriate.
python2-pyuic5: nothing appropriate.
python3.8-config: nothing appropriate.
python3-config: nothing appropriate.
python-argcomplete-check-easy-install-script: nothing appropriate.
python-argcomplete-check-easy-install-script2: nothing appropriate.
python-argcomplete-tcsh: nothing appropriate.
python-argcomplete-tcsh2: nothing appropriate.
python-config: nothing appropriate.
pythonect: nothing appropriate.
pythontex: nothing appropriate.
pyuic4: nothing appropriate.
pyuic5: nothing appropriate.
pywrap2: nothing appropriate.
pywxrc2: nothing appropriate.
pzstd: nothing appropriate.
qcollectiongenerator: nothing appropriate.
qcollectiongenerator-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qcollectiongenerator-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qconvex: nothing appropriate.
qdbus: nothing appropriate.
qdbuscpp2xml: nothing appropriate.
qdbuscpp2xml-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qdbuscpp2xml-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qdbus-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qdbus-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qdbusviewer: nothing appropriate.
qdbusviewer-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qdbusviewer-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qdbusxml2cpp: nothing appropriate.
qdbusxml2cpp-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qdbusxml2cpp-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qdelaunay: nothing appropriate.
qdep: nothing appropriate.
qdistancefieldgenerator: nothing appropriate.
qdistancefieldgenerator-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qdoc: nothing appropriate.
qdoc3-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qdoc-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qgltf: nothing appropriate.
qhalf: nothing appropriate.
qhelpconverter-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qhelpgenerator: nothing appropriate.
qhelpgenerator-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qhelpgenerator-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qlalr: nothing appropriate.
qlalr-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmake: nothing appropriate.
qmake-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qmake-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qml: nothing appropriate.
qmlcachegen: nothing appropriate.
qmlcachegen-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmleasing: nothing appropriate.
qmleasing-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlformat: nothing appropriate.
qmlformat-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlimportscanner: nothing appropriate.
qmlimportscanner-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmllint: nothing appropriate.
qmllint-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlmin: nothing appropriate.
qmlmin-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlplugindump: nothing appropriate.
qmlplugindump-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qmlplugindump-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlpreview: nothing appropriate.
qmlpreview-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlprofiler: nothing appropriate.
qmlprofiler-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qml-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlscene: nothing appropriate.
qmlscene-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmltestrunner: nothing appropriate.
qmltestrunner-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmltyperegistrar: nothing appropriate.
qmltyperegistrar-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qmlviewer-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qpaeq: nothing appropriate.
qscxmlc: nothing appropriate.
qt3to4-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qtattributionsscanner: nothing appropriate.
qtattributionsscanner-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qtconfig-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qtdiag: nothing appropriate.
qtdiag-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qt-faststart: nothing appropriate.
qtpaths: nothing appropriate.
qtpaths-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qtplugininfo: nothing appropriate.
qtplugininfo-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qttracereplay-qt4: nothing appropriate.
qtwaylandscanner: nothing appropriate.
quad: nothing appropriate.
quad-clip: nothing appropriate.
quad-clip-all-vertices: nothing appropriate.
quad-clip-nearplane: nothing appropriate.
quad-degenerate: nothing appropriate.
quad-flat: nothing appropriate.
quad-offset-factor: nothing appropriate.
quad-offset-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
quad-offset-units: nothing appropriate.
quads: nothing appropriate.
quadstrip: nothing appropriate.
quadstrip-clip: nothing appropriate.
quadstrip-cont: nothing appropriate.
quadstrip-flat: nothing appropriate.
quad-tex-2d: nothing appropriate.
quad-tex-3d: nothing appropriate.
quad-tex-alpha: nothing appropriate.
quad-tex-pbo: nothing appropriate.
quad-tex-sub: nothing appropriate.
quad-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
quad-unfilled-clip: nothing appropriate.
quad-unfilled-stipple: nothing appropriate.
qvkgen: nothing appropriate.
qvkgen-qt5: nothing appropriate.
qvoronoi: nothing appropriate.
qwebengine_convert_dict: nothing appropriate.
r2r: nothing appropriate.
racc: nothing appropriate.
racc2y: nothing appropriate.
racer: nothing appropriate.
racf2john: nothing appropriate.
radius2john: nothing appropriate.
raiseChild.py: nothing appropriate.
rake: nothing appropriate.
rake-1.9: nothing appropriate.
rake-2.3: nothing appropriate.
ramsmp: nothing appropriate.
rankmirrors: nothing appropriate.
rar2john: nothing appropriate.
rasign2: nothing appropriate.
rav1e: nothing appropriate.
raw2dyna: nothing appropriate.
raw-identify: nothing appropriate.
rawtextdump: nothing appropriate.
ray: nothing appropriate.
rcc: nothing appropriate.
rcc-qt4: nothing appropriate.
rcc-qt5: nothing appropriate.
rcvboxdrv: nothing appropriate.
rd-curves: nothing appropriate.
rdesktop-vrdp: nothing appropriate.
rdmsr: nothing appropriate.
rdoc: nothing appropriate.
rdoc-1.8: nothing appropriate.
rdoc-1.9: nothing appropriate.
rdoc-2.3: nothing appropriate.
rdp_check.py: nothing appropriate.
rds-ctl: nothing appropriate.
readall: nothing appropriate.
readelf.py: nothing appropriate.
readpix: nothing appropriate.
readpixels: nothing appropriate.
readtags: nothing appropriate.
rebuildpkgs: nothing appropriate.
reconscan-recon: nothing appropriate.
reconscan-vulnscan: nothing appropriate.
refind-mkfont: nothing appropriate.
reflect: nothing appropriate.
register-python-argcomplete: nothing appropriate.
register-python-argcomplete2: nothing appropriate.
registry-read.py: nothing appropriate.
reg.py: nothing appropriate.
remaining: nothing appropriate.
remotinator: nothing appropriate.
remuxer: nothing appropriate.
renormal: nothing appropriate.
repc: nothing appropriate.
repo-elephant: nothing appropriate.
repstopdf: nothing appropriate.
req-exclude: nothing appropriate.
req-include: nothing appropriate.
reverseraider: nothing appropriate.
reviewboard-am: nothing appropriate.
rexgen2rules: nothing appropriate.
rftp: nothing appropriate.
rga: nothing appropriate.
rga-preproc: nothing appropriate.
ri-1.8: nothing appropriate.
ri-1.9: nothing appropriate.
ri-2.3: nothing appropriate.
ristretto: nothing appropriate.
rli: nothing appropriate.
rli2: nothing appropriate.
rlogin-cwd: nothing appropriate.
rls: nothing appropriate.
r-mpost: nothing appropriate.
rocs: nothing appropriate.
rootbrute: nothing appropriate.
rpcdump.py: nothing appropriate.
rpdfcrop: nothing appropriate.
r-pmpost: nothing appropriate.
rpyc_classic.py: nothing appropriate.
rpyc_registry.py: nothing appropriate.
rsfetch: nothing appropriate.
rspec: nothing appropriate.
rst2html: nothing appropriate.
rst2html4: nothing appropriate.
rst2html4.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2html5: nothing appropriate.
rst2html5.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2html.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2latex: nothing appropriate.
rst2latex.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2man: nothing appropriate.
rst2man.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2odt: nothing appropriate.
rst2odt_prepstyles: nothing appropriate.
rst2odt_prepstyles.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2odt.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2pseudoxml: nothing appropriate.
rst2pseudoxml.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2s5: nothing appropriate.
rst2s5.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2xetex: nothing appropriate.
rst2xetex.py: nothing appropriate.
rst2xml: nothing appropriate.
rst2xml.py: nothing appropriate.
rstpep2html: nothing appropriate.
rstpep2html.py: nothing appropriate.
rstripstr: nothing appropriate.
rtlfw: nothing appropriate.
rtmpsrv: nothing appropriate.
rtmpsuck: nothing appropriate.
ruby-1.8: nothing appropriate.
ruby-1.9: nothing appropriate.
ruby-2.3: nothing appropriate.
rules_optimize: nothing appropriate.
rulestack: nothing appropriate.
run_archiso: nothing appropriate.
rungs: nothing appropriate.
r-upmpost: nothing appropriate.
rustc: nothing appropriate.
rustdoc: nothing appropriate.
rustfmt: nothing appropriate.
rust-gdb: nothing appropriate.
rust-lldb: nothing appropriate.
rustscan: nothing appropriate.
rustup: nothing appropriate.
sadf: nothing appropriate.
samba_dnsupdate: nothing appropriate.
samba_kcc: nothing appropriate.
sambaPipe.py: nothing appropriate.
samba_spnupdate: nothing appropriate.
samba_upgradedns: nothing appropriate.
samplers: nothing appropriate.
samplers_array: nothing appropriate.
samrdump.py: nothing appropriate.
sancov: nothing appropriate.
sanstats: nothing appropriate.
sap2john: nothing appropriate.
sar: nothing appropriate.
sau-activate.sh: nothing appropriate.
saved_model_cli: nothing appropriate.
sbcdec: nothing appropriate.
sbcenc: nothing appropriate.
sbcinfo: nothing appropriate.
scan-view: nothing appropriate.
scapy2: nothing appropriate.
scotest: nothing appropriate.
screen-4.8.0: nothing appropriate.
scrotwm: nothing appropriate.
sddm: nothing appropriate.
sddm-greeter: nothing appropriate.
sdl2-config: nothing appropriate.
sdl-config: nothing appropriate.
sdpscanner: nothing appropriate.
searchsploit: nothing appropriate.
secretsdump.py: nothing appropriate.
sendmail: nothing appropriate.
seprule: nothing appropriate.
seq2bseq: nothing appropriate.
services.py: nothing appropriate.
sexp-conv: nothing appropriate.
sfscandiff: nothing appropriate.
sgen-grep-binprot: nothing appropriate.
sgmlspl: nothing appropriate.
shadow_sampler: nothing appropriate.
shadowtex: nothing appropriate.
sha-dump: nothing appropriate.
shape: nothing appropriate.
sharedtex: nothing appropriate.
sharedtex_mt: nothing appropriate.
sharkd: nothing appropriate.
sha-test: nothing appropriate.
shellen: nothing appropriate.
shellharden: nothing appropriate.
shellnoob: nothing appropriate.
shellpop: nothing appropriate.
shellsupport: nothing appropriate.
sherlock265: nothing appropriate.
shfsmount: nothing appropriate.
shfsumount: nothing appropriate.
shlibsign: nothing appropriate.
shodan2: nothing appropriate.
showdb: nothing appropriate.
showjournal: nothing appropriate.
showstat4: nothing appropriate.
showwal: nothing appropriate.
shtest: nothing appropriate.
signal2john: nothing appropriate.
signond: nothing appropriate.
signonpluginprocess: nothing appropriate.
signon-ui: nothing appropriate.
sim_client: nothing appropriate.
simpdftex: nothing appropriate.
simple_dcraw: nothing appropriate.
simpleexpand: nothing appropriate.
simpleindex: nothing appropriate.
simplesearch: nothing appropriate.
simplex-noise: nothing appropriate.
sim_server: nothing appropriate.
singlebuffer: nothing appropriate.
sip: nothing appropriate.
SIPdump: nothing appropriate.
sipdump2john: nothing appropriate.
sjislatex: nothing appropriate.
sjispdflatex: nothing appropriate.
skdump: nothing appropriate.
skinning: nothing appropriate.
skiptracer: nothing appropriate.
sktest: nothing appropriate.
skylighting-extract: nothing appropriate.
slencheck: nothing appropriate.
slocate: nothing appropriate.
smbclient.py: nothing appropriate.
smbexec.py: nothing appropriate.
smbgrab: nothing appropriate.
smbhunt: nothing appropriate.
smblist: nothing appropriate.
smbrelayx.py: nothing appropriate.
smbserver.py: nothing appropriate.
snap_scheduler.py: nothing appropriate.
sndfile-resample: nothing appropriate.
sniffer.py: nothing appropriate.
sniff.py: nothing appropriate.
snmpcheck: nothing appropriate.
snmppcap: nothing appropriate.
snmpping: nothing appropriate.
solid-action-desktop-gen: nothing appropriate.
solid-hardware5: nothing appropriate.
solid-power: nothing appropriate.
sortByCol: nothing appropriate.
sotruss: nothing appropriate.
soundstretch: nothing appropriate.
spacy: nothing appropriate.
spa-inspect: nothing appropriate.
spa-monitor: nothing appropriate.
sparta: nothing appropriate.
spd-conf: nothing appropriate.
spd-say: nothing appropriate.
spdsend: nothing appropriate.
spectacle: nothing appropriate.
spectex: nothing appropriate.
spectrwm-no-preload: nothing appropriate.
speech-dispatcher: nothing appropriate.
speedtest: nothing appropriate.
speedtest-cli: nothing appropriate.
sphinx-apidoc: nothing appropriate.
sphinx-autogen: nothing appropriate.
sphinx-build: nothing appropriate.
sphinx_jsgf2fsg: nothing appropriate.
sphinx-quickstart: nothing appropriate.
spike: nothing appropriate.
spike-dasm: nothing appropriate.
spirv-as: nothing appropriate.
spirv-cfg: nothing appropriate.
spirv-dis: nothing appropriate.
spirv-lesspipe.sh: nothing appropriate.
spirv-link: nothing appropriate.
spirv-opt: nothing appropriate.
spirv-reduce: nothing appropriate.
spirv-remap: nothing appropriate.
spirv-val: nothing appropriate.
splitContains: nothing appropriate.
splitimg: nothing appropriate.
splitlen: nothing appropriate.
split.py: nothing appropriate.
spriteblast: nothing appropriate.
sqldiff: nothing appropriate.
sqlmetal: nothing appropriate.
squashfuse_ll: nothing appropriate.
srch_strings: nothing appropriate.
srcredact: nothing appropriate.
srftopam: nothing appropriate.
srt-ffplay: nothing appropriate.
srt-file-transmit: nothing appropriate.
srt-live-transmit: nothing appropriate.
srt-test-file: nothing appropriate.
srt-test-live: nothing appropriate.
srt-test-multiplex: nothing appropriate.
srt-test-relay: nothing appropriate.
srt-tunnel: nothing appropriate.
ssh2john: nothing appropriate.
sslyze: nothing appropriate.
sspr2john: nothing appropriate.
st4topgm: nothing appropriate.
stagingpkg: nothing appropriate.
staging-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
staroffice2john: nothing appropriate.
startplasma-wayland: nothing appropriate.
startplasma-x11: nothing appropriate.
start-statd: nothing appropriate.
steamdeps: nothing appropriate.
steam-runtime: nothing appropriate.
step: nothing appropriate.
stex3d: nothing appropriate.
strace-graph: nothing appropriate.
strace-parser: nothing appropriate.
strip2john: nothing appropriate.
strip-bsn: nothing appropriate.
strip-bsr: nothing appropriate.
stripstr: nothing appropriate.
stunbdc: nothing appropriate.
stund: nothing appropriate.
sty2dtx: nothing appropriate.
subbrute: nothing appropriate.
substrings.pl: nothing appropriate.
sub-tex: nothing appropriate.
sunicontopnm: nothing appropriate.
svcutil: nothing appropriate.
svg-term: nothing appropriate.
svgtopam: nothing appropriate.
svnbackport: nothing appropriate.
svnbench: nothing appropriate.
svnchangesince: nothing appropriate.
svn-clean: nothing appropriate.
svnforwardport: nothing appropriate.
svnfsfs: nothing appropriate.
svngettags: nothing appropriate.
svnintegrate: nothing appropriate.
svnlastchange: nothing appropriate.
svnlastlog: nothing appropriate.
svnrevertlast: nothing appropriate.
svnversions: nothing appropriate.
swapbuffers: nothing appropriate.
swig: nothing appropriate.
sxw2txt: nothing appropriate.
symkeyutil: nothing appropriate.
syncqt.pl: nothing appropriate.
syncqt.pl-qt5: nothing appropriate.
systemd-resolve: nothing appropriate.
systemd-stdio-bridge: nothing appropriate.
systemmonitor: nothing appropriate.
systemsettings5: nothing appropriate.
t4ht: nothing appropriate.
tabulate2: nothing appropriate.
taglib-config: nothing appropriate.
tailer: nothing appropriate.
tap: nothing appropriate.
tapestat: nothing appropriate.
tappy: nothing appropriate.
tarcolor: nothing appropriate.
tastenbrett: nothing appropriate.
tcat: nothing appropriate.
tcbench: nothing appropriate.
tclsh8.6: nothing appropriate.
tdspool: nothing appropriate.
te: nothing appropriate.
teapot: nothing appropriate.
teckit_compile: nothing appropriate.
telegram2john: nothing appropriate.
temu: nothing appropriate.
tensorboard: nothing appropriate.
teq: nothing appropriate.
term_cdiff: nothing appropriate.
termcolors: nothing appropriate.
term_colortab: nothing appropriate.
term_decolor: nothing appropriate.
term_display: nothing appropriate.
terminator.wrapper: nothing appropriate.
terminus: nothing appropriate.
termios-xspike: nothing appropriate.
term_mandel: nothing appropriate.
termshark: nothing appropriate.
term_snow: nothing appropriate.
termtosvg: nothing appropriate.
terrain: nothing appropriate.
tessdemo: nothing appropriate.
tesstrain.sh: nothing appropriate.
testingpkg: nothing appropriate.
testing-x86_64-build: nothing appropriate.
testpkg: nothing appropriate.
testrb-1.8: nothing appropriate.
testrb-1.9: nothing appropriate.
testrender: nothing appropriate.
test-runner: nothing appropriate.
testshade: nothing appropriate.
testshade_dso: nothing appropriate.
tex4ebook: nothing appropriate.
tex4ht: nothing appropriate.
texaaline: nothing appropriate.
texconfig-dialog: nothing appropriate.
texcount: nothing appropriate.
texcyl: nothing appropriate.
texdef: nothing appropriate.
texdemo1: nothing appropriate.
texdiff: nothing appropriate.
texdirflatten: nothing appropriate.
texdoc: nothing appropriate.
texenv: nothing appropriate.
texexec: nothing appropriate.
texfot: nothing appropriate.
teximage: nothing appropriate.
texliveonfly: nothing appropriate.
texloganalyser: nothing appropriate.
texluajit: nothing appropriate.
texluajitc: nothing appropriate.
texmfstart: nothing appropriate.
texplate: nothing appropriate.
tex-quads: nothing appropriate.
texsis: nothing appropriate.
texture_from_pixmap: nothing appropriate.
textures: nothing appropriate.
tezos2john: nothing appropriate.
tflite_convert: nothing appropriate.
tf_upgrade_v2: nothing appropriate.
tgz: nothing appropriate.
thc-smartbrute: nothing appropriate.
thumbpdf: nothing appropriate.
thunderbird: nothing appropriate.
ticketConverter.py: nothing appropriate.
ticketer.py: nothing appropriate.
timed-read: nothing appropriate.
timed-run: nothing appropriate.
timelineeditor: nothing appropriate.
tjbench: nothing appropriate.
tkconch3: nothing appropriate.
tkpasswd: nothing appropriate.
tldr: nothing appropriate.
tmesis: nothing appropriate.
tmesis-dynamic: nothing appropriate.
tmon: nothing appropriate.
tmuxer: nothing appropriate.
tmux-mem-cpu-load: nothing appropriate.
toco: nothing appropriate.
toco_from_protos: nothing appropriate.
topmorph: nothing appropriate.
touchpad-disabler: nothing appropriate.
touchpad-edge-detector: nothing appropriate.
toyball: nothing appropriate.
tqdm: nothing appropriate.
tqdm2: nothing appropriate.
tracegen: nothing appropriate.
tracegen-qt5: nothing appropriate.
transist.flt: nothing appropriate.
tree-sitter: nothing appropriate.
tri: nothing appropriate.
tri-2101010: nothing appropriate.
tri-2101010-dlist: nothing appropriate.
trial3: nothing appropriate.
tri-alpha: nothing appropriate.
tri-alpha-tex: nothing appropriate.
tri-array-interleaved: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend-color: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend-max: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend-min: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend-revsub: nothing appropriate.
tri-blend-sub: nothing appropriate.
tri-clear: nothing appropriate.
tri-clip: nothing appropriate.
tri-cull: nothing appropriate.
tri-cull-both: nothing appropriate.
tri-dlist: nothing appropriate.
tri-edgeflag: nothing appropriate.
tri-edgeflag-array: nothing appropriate.
tri-edgeflag-pv: nothing appropriate.
triehash: nothing appropriate.
trifan: nothing appropriate.
trifan-flat: nothing appropriate.
trifan-flat-clip: nothing appropriate.
trifan-flat-unfilled-clip: nothing appropriate.
trifan-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
tri-fbo: nothing appropriate.
tri-fbo-tex: nothing appropriate.
tri-fbo-tex-mip: nothing appropriate.
tri-flat: nothing appropriate.
tri-flat-clip: nothing appropriate.
tri-fog: nothing appropriate.
tri-fp: nothing appropriate.
tri-fp-const-imm: nothing appropriate.
tri-lit: nothing appropriate.
tri-lit-material: nothing appropriate.
tri-logicop-none: nothing appropriate.
tri-logicop-xor: nothing appropriate.
tri-mask-tri: nothing appropriate.
tri-multitex-vbo: nothing appropriate.
tri-orig: nothing appropriate.
tri-point-line-clipped: nothing appropriate.
tri-query: nothing appropriate.
trirast: nothing appropriate.
tri-repeat: nothing appropriate.
tri-rotate: nothing appropriate.
tri-scissor-tri: nothing appropriate.
trispd: nothing appropriate.
tri-square: nothing appropriate.
tri-stencil: nothing appropriate.
tri-stipple: nothing appropriate.
tristrip: nothing appropriate.
tristrip-clip: nothing appropriate.
tristrip-flat: nothing appropriate.
tri-tex: nothing appropriate.
tri-tex-1d: nothing appropriate.
tri-tex-3d: nothing appropriate.
tri-tex-stipple: nothing appropriate.
tri-tri: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-clip: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-edgeflag: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-fog: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-point: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-smooth: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-tri: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-tri-lit: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-userclip: nothing appropriate.
tri-unfilled-userclip-stip: nothing appropriate.
tri-userclip: nothing appropriate.
tri-viewport: nothing appropriate.
tri-z: nothing appropriate.
tri-z-9: nothing appropriate.
tri-z-clip: nothing appropriate.
tri-z-eq: nothing appropriate.
truecrypt2john: nothing appropriate.
tst_plugin: nothing appropriate.
ttf2lff: nothing appropriate.
tty2gif: nothing appropriate.
ttygif: nothing appropriate.
ttyplay: nothing appropriate.
ttyrec: nothing appropriate.
ttytime: nothing appropriate.
tunnel: nothing appropriate.
tunnel2: nothing appropriate.
twist3: nothing appropriate.
twistd3: nothing appropriate.
twoside: nothing appropriate.
type1afm: nothing appropriate.
typeoutfileinfo: nothing appropriate.
u2boat: nothing appropriate.
u2openappid: nothing appropriate.
u2spewfoo: nothing appropriate.
u2streamer: nothing appropriate.
uaf2john: nothing appropriate.
uic: nothing appropriate.
uic3-qt4: nothing appropriate.
uic-qt4: nothing appropriate.
uic-qt5: nothing appropriate.
ultrabayd: nothing appropriate.
umax_pp: nothing appropriate.
umbrello5: nothing appropriate.
unafs: nothing appropriate.
uncrustify-kf5: nothing appropriate.
undrop: nothing appropriate.
unionfsctl: nothing appropriate.
unique: nothing appropriate.
unix-lpr.sh: nothing appropriate.
unmunch: nothing appropriate.
unprocessed_raw: nothing appropriate.
unrule: nothing appropriate.
unshadow: nothing appropriate.
unsquashfs: nothing appropriate.
unterm: nothing appropriate.
untoast: nothing appropriate.
unzip-mem: nothing appropriate.
unzzip: nothing appropriate.
unzzip-big: nothing appropriate.
unzzip-mem: nothing appropriate.
unzzip-mix: nothing appropriate.
upbibtex: nothing appropriate.
update-menus: nothing appropriate.
update-pciids: nothing appropriate.
updmap-user: nothing appropriate.
updvitomp: nothing appropriate.
updvitype: nothing appropriate.
upmendex: nothing appropriate.
uriparse: nothing appropriate.
UserFeedbackConsole: nothing appropriate.
userfeedbackctl: nothing appropriate.
utf8mex: nothing appropriate.
UTscapy: nothing appropriate.
UTscapy2: nothing appropriate.
uu-base32: nothing appropriate.
uu-base64: nothing appropriate.
uu-basename: nothing appropriate.
uu-cat: nothing appropriate.
uu-chgrp: nothing appropriate.
uu-chmod: nothing appropriate.
uu-chown: nothing appropriate.
uu-chroot: nothing appropriate.
uu-cksum: nothing appropriate.
uuclient: nothing appropriate.
uu-comm: nothing appropriate.
uu-cp: nothing appropriate.
uu-cut: nothing appropriate.
uu-dircolors: nothing appropriate.
uu-dirname: nothing appropriate.
uu-du: nothing appropriate.
uu-echo: nothing appropriate.
uu-env: nothing appropriate.
uu-expand: nothing appropriate.
uu-expr: nothing appropriate.
uu-factor: nothing appropriate.
uu-false: nothing appropriate.
uu-fmt: nothing appropriate.
uu-fold: nothing appropriate.
uu-groups: nothing appropriate.
uu-hashsum: nothing appropriate.
uu-head: nothing appropriate.
uu-hostid: nothing appropriate.
uu-hostname: nothing appropriate.
uu-id: nothing appropriate.
uu-install: nothing appropriate.
uu-join: nothing appropriate.
uu-kill: nothing appropriate.
uu-link: nothing appropriate.
uu-ln: nothing appropriate.
uu-logname: nothing appropriate.
uu-ls: nothing appropriate.
uu-mkdir: nothing appropriate.
uu-mkfifo: nothing appropriate.
uu-mknod: nothing appropriate.
uu-mktemp: nothing appropriate.
uu-more: nothing appropriate.
uu-mv: nothing appropriate.
uu-nice: nothing appropriate.
uu-nl: nothing appropriate.
uu-nohup: nothing appropriate.
uu-nproc: nothing appropriate.
uu-numfmt: nothing appropriate.
uu-od: nothing appropriate.
uu-paste: nothing appropriate.
uu-pathchk: nothing appropriate.
uu-pinky: nothing appropriate.
uu-printenv: nothing appropriate.
uu-printf: nothing appropriate.
uu-ptx: nothing appropriate.
uu-pwd: nothing appropriate.
uu-readlink: nothing appropriate.
uu-realpath: nothing appropriate.
uu-relpath: nothing appropriate.
uu-rm: nothing appropriate.
uu-rmdir: nothing appropriate.
uu-seq: nothing appropriate.
uuserver: nothing appropriate.
uu-shred: nothing appropriate.
uu-shuf: nothing appropriate.
uu-sleep: nothing appropriate.
uu-sort: nothing appropriate.
uu-split: nothing appropriate.
uu-stat: nothing appropriate.
uu-stdbuf: nothing appropriate.
uu-sum: nothing appropriate.
uu-sync: nothing appropriate.
uu-tac: nothing appropriate.
uu-tail: nothing appropriate.
uu-tee: nothing appropriate.
uu-test: nothing appropriate.
uu-timeout: nothing appropriate.
uu-touch: nothing appropriate.
uu-tr: nothing appropriate.
uu-true: nothing appropriate.
uu-truncate: nothing appropriate.
uu-tsort: nothing appropriate.
uu-tty: nothing appropriate.
uu-uname: nothing appropriate.
uu-unexpand: nothing appropriate.
uu-uniq: nothing appropriate.
uu-unlink: nothing appropriate.
uu-uptime: nothing appropriate.
uu-users: nothing appropriate.
uu-wc: nothing appropriate.
uu-who: nothing appropriate.
uu-whoami: nothing appropriate.
uu-yes: nothing appropriate.
uz: nothing appropriate.
v4l2-dbg: nothing appropriate.
v4l2-sysfs-path: nothing appropriate.
vala: nothing appropriate.
vala-0.48: nothing appropriate.
vala-panel-extras-gtop: nothing appropriate.
vao_demo: nothing appropriate.
vba_extract2.py: nothing appropriate.
vbc: nothing appropriate.
vbo: nothing appropriate.
vbo-drawarrays: nothing appropriate.
vbo-drawarrays-2101010: nothing appropriate.
vbo-drawelements: nothing appropriate.
vbo-drawrange: nothing appropriate.
vbo-noninterleaved: nothing appropriate.
vbo-tri: nothing appropriate.
VBox: nothing appropriate.
vboxballoonctrl: nothing appropriate.
VBoxBalloonCtrl: nothing appropriate.
VBoxClient: nothing appropriate.
VBoxClient-all: nothing appropriate.
VBoxControl: nothing appropriate.
VBoxDRMClient: nothing appropriate.
vboxheadless: nothing appropriate.
VBoxHeadless: nothing appropriate.
vboximg-mount: nothing appropriate.
vboxmanage: nothing appropriate.
VBoxManage: nothing appropriate.
vboxreload: nothing appropriate.
vboxsdl: nothing appropriate.
VBoxSDL: nothing appropriate.
VBoxService: nothing appropriate.
vboxtool: nothing appropriate.
VBoxTunctl: nothing appropriate.
vboxwebsrv: nothing appropriate.
vdb_print: nothing appropriate.
vdi2john: nothing appropriate.
vdpauinfo: nothing appropriate.
verify-uselistorder: nothing appropriate.
vertexrate: nothing appropriate.
vert-or-frag-only: nothing appropriate.
vert-tex: nothing appropriate.
vglclient: nothing appropriate.
vglconfig: nothing appropriate.
vglconnect: nothing appropriate.
vglgenkey: nothing appropriate.
vgllogin: nothing appropriate.
vglrun: nothing appropriate.
vglserver_config: nothing appropriate.
vglxinfo: nothing appropriate.
virtinterfaced: nothing appropriate.
virtlxcd: nothing appropriate.
virtnetworkd: nothing appropriate.
virtnodedevd: nothing appropriate.
virtnwfilterd: nothing appropriate.
virtproxyd: nothing appropriate.
virtqemud: nothing appropriate.
virtsecretd: nothing appropriate.
virtstoraged: nothing appropriate.
virtualbox: nothing appropriate.
VirtualBox: nothing appropriate.
virtualenv-clone: nothing appropriate.
virtvboxd: nothing appropriate.
visualinfo: nothing appropriate.
vkconfig: nothing appropriate.
vkcube: nothing appropriate.
vkcubepp: nothing appropriate.
vkreplay: nothing appropriate.
vktrace: nothing appropriate.
vktracedump: nothing appropriate.
vktraceviewer: nothing appropriate.
vmaf_feature: nothing appropriate.
vmafossexec: nothing appropriate.
vmaf_rc: nothing appropriate.
vmhgfs-fuse: nothing appropriate.
vm-support: nothing appropriate.
vmtoolsd: nothing appropriate.
vmware-checkvm: nothing appropriate.
vmwarectrl: nothing appropriate.
vmware-hgfsclient: nothing appropriate.
vmware-namespace-cmd: nothing appropriate.
vmware-rpctool: nothing appropriate.
vmware-toolbox-cmd: nothing appropriate.
vmware-user: nothing appropriate.
vmware-user-suid-wrapper: nothing appropriate.
vmware-vmblock-fuse: nothing appropriate.
vmware-xdg-detect-de: nothing appropriate.
vmware-xferlogs: nothing appropriate.
vmx2john: nothing appropriate.
vncpcap2john: nothing appropriate.
voicechanger-tui: nothing appropriate.
vp-array: nothing appropriate.
vp-array-hf: nothing appropriate.
vp-array-int: nothing appropriate.
vp-clip: nothing appropriate.
vpl2ovp: nothing appropriate.
vpl2vpl: nothing appropriate.
vp-line-clip: nothing appropriate.
vpnc-disconnect: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-cb: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-cb-pos: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-cb-tex: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-imm: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-invariant: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-swap: nothing appropriate.
vp-tri-tex: nothing appropriate.
vp-unfilled: nothing appropriate.
vpxdec: nothing appropriate.
vpxenc: nothing appropriate.
vsraytrace: nothing appropriate.
vte-2.91: nothing appropriate.
vterm-ctrl: nothing appropriate.
vterm-dump: nothing appropriate.
vtkEncodeString: nothing appropriate.
vtkParseJava: nothing appropriate.
vtkpython: nothing appropriate.
vtkWrapHierarchy: nothing appropriate.
vtkWrapJava: nothing appropriate.
vtkWrapPython: nothing appropriate.
vtkWrapPythonInit: nothing appropriate.
vulkaninfo: nothing appropriate.
waitress-serve: nothing appropriate.
wasm-ld: nothing appropriate.
wayland-scanner: nothing appropriate.
wcgrep: nothing appropriate.
weather: nothing appropriate.
WebKitWebDriver: nothing appropriate.
webpng: nothing appropriate.
wheel: nothing appropriate.
whoismac: nothing appropriate.
wifi-menu: nothing appropriate.
wincopy: nothing appropriate.
wine64: nothing appropriate.
wine64-preloader: nothing appropriate.
wine-preloader: nothing appropriate.
winicontopam: nothing appropriate.
winpopup-install: nothing appropriate.
winpopup-send: nothing appropriate.
winpos: nothing appropriate.
wiper.sh: nothing appropriate.
wires: nothing appropriate.
wish8.6: nothing appropriate.
wlangenpmk: nothing appropriate.
wlangenpmkocl: nothing appropriate.
wlanhcx2john: nothing appropriate.
wlanhcx2ssid: nothing appropriate.
wlanhcxcat: nothing appropriate.
wlanhcxinfo: nothing appropriate.
wlanjohn2hcx: nothing appropriate.
wlanpmk2hcx: nothing appropriate.
wlanwkp2hcx: nothing appropriate.
wl-clip: nothing appropriate.
wl-copy: nothing appropriate.
wl-paste: nothing appropriate.
wmd: nothing appropriate.
wmiexec.py: nothing appropriate.
wmipersist.py: nothing appropriate.
wmiquery.py: nothing appropriate.
wnckprop: nothing appropriate.
wnck-urgency-monitor: nothing appropriate.
woff2_compress: nothing appropriate.
woff2_decompress: nothing appropriate.
woff2_info: nothing appropriate.
wofm2opl: nothing appropriate.
wol-e: nothing appropriate.
wopl2ofm: nothing appropriate.
wordforms: nothing appropriate.
wordlist2hunspell: nothing appropriate.
wovf2ovp: nothing appropriate.
wovp2ovf: nothing appropriate.
wpapcap2john: nothing appropriate.
wrmsr: nothing appropriate.
wsdl2: nothing appropriate.
wsdump.py: nothing appropriate.
wx-config: nothing appropriate.
wx-config-gtk3: nothing appropriate.
wxrc: nothing appropriate.
wxrc-3.0: nothing appropriate.
x264: nothing appropriate.
x265: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-c++: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-c++-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-c++-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-g++: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-g++-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-g++-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-10.2.0: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-8.4.0: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-9.3.0: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ar: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ar-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ar-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-nm: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-nm-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-nm-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ranlib: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ranlib-8: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc-ranlib-9: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gfortran: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-pkg-config: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-c++: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-cc: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-cpp: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-dllwrap: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-g++: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcc: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcc-10.2.0: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcc-ar: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcc-nm: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcc-ranlib: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcov: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcov-dump: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcov-tool: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gfortran: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnat: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatbind: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatchop: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatclean: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatfind: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatkr: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatlink: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatls: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatmake: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatname: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatprep: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-gnatxref: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-ld.bfd: nothing appropriate.
x86_64-w64-mingw32-lto-dump: nothing appropriate.
xdg-dbus-proxy: nothing appropriate.
xdg_menu: nothing appropriate.
xdg_menu_su: nothing appropriate.
xdg-user-dirs-gtk-update: nothing appropriate.
xdot2: nothing appropriate.
xdvi-xaw: nothing appropriate.
xeglgears: nothing appropriate.
xeglthreads: nothing appropriate.
xembedsniproxy: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-about: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-appfinder: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-clipman: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-clipman-history: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-clipman-settings: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-kiosk-query: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-notes: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-notes-settings: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-panel: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-pm-helper: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-applicationsmenu: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-clipman: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-clipman-actions: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-directorymenu: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-notes: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-popup-windowmenu: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-screensaver-configure: nothing appropriate.
xfce4-taskmanager: nothing appropriate.
xfconf-query: nothing appropriate.
xfont: nothing appropriate.
xfpm-power-backlight-helper: nothing appropriate.
xfrun4: nothing appropriate.
xfwm4: nothing appropriate.
xfwm4-settings: nothing appropriate.
xfwm4-tweaks-settings: nothing appropriate.
xfwm4-workspace-settings: nothing appropriate.
xglyph: nothing appropriate.
xhlatex: nothing appropriate.
xindex: nothing appropriate.
xindy.run: nothing appropriate.
xinitrcsession-helper: nothing appropriate.
xmdump2: nothing appropriate.
xmdump3: nothing appropriate.
xmi2pot5: nothing appropriate.
xmlpatterns: nothing appropriate.
xmlpatterns-qt4: nothing appropriate.
xmlpatternsvalidator: nothing appropriate.
xmlpatternsvalidator-qt4: nothing appropriate.
xmltex: nothing appropriate.
xmlwf: nothing appropriate.
xpstat: nothing appropriate.
xq: nothing appropriate.
xrced2: nothing appropriate.
xrotfontdemo: nothing appropriate.
xslt-config: nothing appropriate.
Xspice: nothing appropriate.
xspike: nothing appropriate.
xtables-legacy-multi: nothing appropriate.
xtables-nft-multi: nothing appropriate.
xtermcolor: nothing appropriate.
xtermcolor2: nothing appropriate.
xtrace: nothing appropriate.
xtractprotos: nothing appropriate.
Xwayland: nothing appropriate.
y2racc: nothing appropriate.
y4mblack: nothing appropriate.
y4mhist: nothing appropriate.
y4minterlace: nothing appropriate.
y4mivtc: nothing appropriate.
y4mshift: nothing appropriate.
y4mspatialfilter: nothing appropriate.
y4mstabilizer: nothing appropriate.
y4mtoyuv: nothing appropriate.
yaft_wall: nothing appropriate.
yakuake: nothing appropriate.
yaml2obj: nothing appropriate.
yaml-bench: nothing appropriate.
yank: nothing appropriate.
yarn: nothing appropriate.
yarnpkg: nothing appropriate.
yasca: nothing appropriate.
yat2m: nothing appropriate.
yelp: nothing appropriate.
ypipe: nothing appropriate.
yq: nothing appropriate.
yuvcorrect: nothing appropriate.
yuvcorrect_tune: nothing appropriate.
yuvdeinterlace: nothing appropriate.
yuv-distortion: nothing appropriate.
yuy2topam: nothing appropriate.
yuyvtoy4m: nothing appropriate.
z3: nothing appropriate.
zbarcam-gtk: nothing appropriate.
zbarcam-qt: nothing appropriate.
zegrep: nothing appropriate.
zfgrep: nothing appropriate.
zip2john: nothing appropriate.
zoom: nothing appropriate.
zsh-5.8: nothing appropriate.
zstdmt: nothing appropriate.
zzcat: nothing appropriate.
zzdir: nothing appropriate.
zzxorcat: nothing appropriate.
zzxorcopy: nothing appropriate.
zzxordir: nothing appropriate.
function_grep.pl: nothing appropriate.
msidb: nothing appropriate.
snoob: nothing appropriate.
wine-preloader: nothing appropriate.
cht.sh: nothing appropriate.
h2m: nothing appropriate.
mcg: nothing appropriate.
mtd: nothing appropriate.
mycroftboot: nothing appropriate.
sglava: nothing appropriate.
clapcomp: nothing appropriate.
clipco: nothing appropriate.
democli: nothing appropriate.
__democli_shell_completion: nothing appropriate.
fddf: nothing appropriate.
navi: nothing appropriate.
rua: nothing appropriate.
tldr: nothing appropriate.
todo: nothing appropriate.
ttdl: nothing appropriate.
xcp: nothing appropriate.
mycroft-cli-client: nothing appropriate.
mycroft-config: nothing appropriate.
mycroft-help: nothing appropriate.
mycroft-listen: nothing appropriate.
mycroft-mic-test: nothing appropriate.
mycroft-msk: nothing appropriate.
mycroft-msm: nothing appropriate.
mycroft-pip: nothing appropriate.
mycroft-say-to: nothing appropriate.
mycroft-skill-testrunner: nothing appropriate.
mycroft-speak: nothing appropriate.
mycroft-start: nothing appropriate.
mycroft-stop: nothing appropriate.
activate-global-python-argcomplete: nothing appropriate.
conda: nothing appropriate.
deepspeech: nothing appropriate.
f2py: nothing appropriate.
f2py3: nothing appropriate.
f2py3.8: nothing appropriate.
falcon-bench: nothing appropriate.
falcon-print-routes: nothing appropriate.
fenrir: nothing appropriate.
fenrir-daemon: nothing appropriate.
flask: nothing appropriate.
geocode: nothing appropriate.
hug: nothing appropriate.
jsonschema: nothing appropriate.
kalliope: nothing appropriate.
kara: nothing appropriate.
ldapdomaindump: nothing appropriate.
ldd2bloodhound: nothing appropriate.
mako-render: nothing appropriate.
moreman: nothing appropriate.
nfasd: nothing appropriate.
nltk: nothing appropriate.
nvr: nothing appropriate.
nwt: nothing appropriate.
pip2.7: nothing appropriate.
pip3: nothing appropriate.
pip3.8: nothing appropriate.
pipenv: nothing appropriate.
pipenv-resolver: nothing appropriate.
pyflakes: nothing appropriate.
pyjwt: nothing appropriate.
python-argcomplete-check-easy-install-script: nothing appropriate.
python-argcomplete-tcsh: nothing appropriate.
pyvim: nothing appropriate.
register-python-argcomplete: nothing appropriate.
register-python-argcomplete-menu: nothing appropriate.
snippy: nothing appropriate.
spacy: nothing appropriate.
vim-plugins-profiler: nothing appropriate.
vire: nothing appropriate.
virtualenv-clone: nothing appropriate.
waitress-serve: nothing appropriate.
watchmedo: nothing appropriate.
wheel: nothing appropriate.
wsdump.py: nothing appropriate.
bundle: nothing appropriate.
bundler: nothing appropriate.
launchy: nothing appropriate.
nokogiri: nothing appropriate.
rackup: nothing appropriate.
rails: nothing appropriate.
rake: nothing appropriate.
sprockets: nothing appropriate.
thor: nothing appropriate.
travis: nothing appropriate.
fv: nothing appropriate.
fzbuku: nothing appropriate.
fzgit: nothing appropriate.
fzmp: nothing appropriate.
fzmv: nothing appropriate.
fzrepl: nothing appropriate.
gitup: nothing appropriate.
goog: nothing appropriate.
ix: nothing appropriate.
npmsearch: nothing appropriate.
pkgrm: nothing appropriate.
pkgsearch: nothing appropriate.
pkgup: nothing appropriate.
sshget: nothing appropriate.
wifi: nothing appropriate.
mimic: nothing appropriate.
pytest.ini: nothing appropriate.
bin2c: nothing appropriate.
computeprof: nothing appropriate.
cudafe++: nothing appropriate.
cuda-gdb: nothing appropriate.
cuda-gdbserver: nothing appropriate.
cuda-memcheck: nothing appropriate.
cuda-uninstaller: nothing appropriate.
cuobjdump: nothing appropriate.
fatbinary: nothing appropriate.
nsight_ee_plugins_manage.sh: nothing appropriate.
nvcc: nothing appropriate.
nvdisasm: nothing appropriate.
nvlink: nothing appropriate.
nvprof: nothing appropriate.
nvprune: nothing appropriate.
nvvp: nothing appropriate.
ptxas: nothing appropriate.
cuda-install-samples-11.0.sh: nothing appropriate.
cuda-uninstaller: nothing appropriate.
colored_dmesg: nothing appropriate.
colorfg: nothing appropriate.
color_matrix: nothing appropriate.
crc32: nothing appropriate.
gedi: nothing appropriate.
ipcount: nothing appropriate.
iptab: nothing appropriate.
sgmlspl.pl: nothing appropriate.
show_all_colors: nothing appropriate.
uncolor: nothing appropriate.
__com1: nothing appropriate.
__coms: nothing appropriate.
coms: nothing appropriate.
fzcom: nothing appropriate.
bootmods: nothing appropriate.
frmod: nothing appropriate.
frmod1: nothing appropriate.
fzmod: nothing appropriate.
fzmod1: nothing appropriate.
mse: nothing appropriate.
fmn: nothing appropriate.
fmr: nothing appropriate.
cnat: nothing appropriate.
fline: nothing appropriate.
fzlk: nothing appropriate.
fzp: nothing appropriate.
fzsys: nothing appropriate.
fztin: nothing appropriate.
mkfs.squ: nothing appropriate.
rgd: nothing appropriate.
rgf: nothing appropriate.
cmds: nothing appropriate.
__coms: nothing appropriate.
rgd: nothing appropriate.
rgf: nothing appropriate.
irb: nothing appropriate.
rdoc: nothing appropriate.
testrb: nothing appropriate.
com.basemark.BasemarkGPU: nothing appropriate.
com.leinardi.gst: nothing appropriate.
com.visualstudio.code: nothing appropriate.
io.github.arunsivaramanneo.GPUViewer: nothing appropriate.
org.linux_hardware.hw-probe: nothing appropriate.
org.mozilla.firefox: nothing appropriate.
org.pulseaudio.pavucontrol: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_Admin_SCGI: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_archive: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_archiveHost: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_archiveStart: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_attribPrint: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_backupDelete: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_backupDuplicate: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_dump: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_fixupBackupSummary: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_fsck: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_ls: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_migrateV3toV4: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_nightly: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_poolCntPrint: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_refCountUpdate: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_restore: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_rrdUpdate: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_sendEmail: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_serverMesg: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_tarCreate: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_tarExtract: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_zcat: nothing appropriate.
BackupPC_zipCreate: nothing appropriate.
rsync_bpc: nothing appropriate.
bin2c: nothing appropriate.
computeprof: nothing appropriate.
cudafe++: nothing appropriate.
cuda-gdb: nothing appropriate.
cuda-gdbserver: nothing appropriate.
cuda-memcheck: nothing appropriate.
cuda-uninstaller: nothing appropriate.
cuobjdump: nothing appropriate.
fatbinary: nothing appropriate.
nsight_ee_plugins_manage.sh: nothing appropriate.
nvcc: nothing appropriate.
nvdisasm: nothing appropriate.
nvlink: nothing appropriate.
nvprof: nothing appropriate.
nvprune: nothing appropriate.
nvvp: nothing appropriate.
ptxas: nothing appropriate.
jaotc.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
jar.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
jarsigner.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
javac.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
java.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
javadoc.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
javap.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
jcmd.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
jconsole.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
jdb.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
jdeprscan.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
jdeps.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
jfr.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
jhsdb.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
jimage: nothing appropriate.
jimage.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
jinfo.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
jjs.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
jlink.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
jmap.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
jmod.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
jpackage.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
jps.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
jrunscript.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
jshell.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
jstack.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
jstatd.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
jstat.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
keytool.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
rmic.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
rmid.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
rmiregistry.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
serialver.debuginfo: nothing appropriate.
colored_dmesg: nothing appropriate.
colorfg: nothing appropriate.
color_matrix: nothing appropriate.
crc32: nothing appropriate.
gedi: nothing appropriate.
ipcount: nothing appropriate.
iptab: nothing appropriate.
sgmlspl.pl: nothing appropriate.
show_all_colors: nothing appropriate.
uncolor: nothing appropriate.
